https://www.staples.com/Apple/cat_CG562
Apple Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Apple Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Apple Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Apple Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Apple has not manufactured printers since the early 1990s, with the introduction of the StyleWriter printer. Apple later discontinued the manufacture of the StyleWriter printers. However, the company still boasts advanced printing technology in its promotion of HP and Epson printers. Whether users need genuine Apple ink cartridges for an older Apple StyleWriter printer, or are searching for Apple printer cartridges for an Epson or HP printer purchased from Apple, Staples has what is needed to keep business flowing. Tailored HP Printing HP tailors its ink cartridges to its users. Different applications, such as professional, home office or photo printing, help to determine the advanced technological features in each Apple ink cartridge. Photographers can print archival-quality images for clients thanks to HP's numerous photo-versatile inks. Other Apple printer cartridges by HP include those for all-in-one printers, which are ideal for home offices and smaller businesses. Epson Printer Cartridges Epson's high-density pigments in multiple Apple printer cartridges make it easy to achieve top-quality printing results on a more restricted budget. Multiple levels of each hue offer a greater variety of color options in photos, color images and other professional documents. These Apple ink cartridges by Epson result in prints that last, so images and text do not fade over time. Smaller ink particles make printing more exact. Enjoy precise ink droplet placement consistently with every print job thanks to the microscopic technology contained in each Apple printer cartridge. Eco-Friendly Recycling Ensure a smaller environmental footprint by recycling empty Apple ink cartridges. Both Epson and HP offer convenient recycling programs. HP uses a "closed loop" recycling system with which plastic from used cartridges is used to make remanufactured ink cartridges. Users can either drop off old HP cartridges at Staples or mail them directly to the manufacturer. The Epson Recycling Program also accepts used items to create remanufactured ink cartridges. Epson's stewardship program not only prevents hazardous equipment from being placed in landfills but also reduces the overall amount of waste created to make compatible ink cartridges. Color StyleWriter StyleWriter Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
