https://www.staples.com/Calendars-Planners/cat_CG12
Calendars and Planners | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Calendars and Planners Planners Academic Planners (2023-2024) Daily Planners & Appointment Books Weekly & Monthly Planners Monthly Planners Undated Planners Planners Never miss a meeting. Organize your life. Stay on track with our calendars and planners. We make organization easy by offering a variety of materials to help you stay on schedule. Whether it's monitoring tasks or keeping track of upcoming appointments - our resources will allow you to feel confident about what each day will bring. Calendars for your wall or desk. Wall calendars run the gamut – everything from decorative calendars that add color and visual interest to annual calendars that keep the big picture in focus. For the desk, check the date at a glance using a monthly wall calendar or track the daily details by using a day-to-day calendar. Dry erasable versions offer flexibility to keep the team on track and desk pads put a calendar at your fingertips. Planners to keep your life on track. Planners are where it all comes together – to-do lists, appointments, and notes to self. You’ll find every conceivable style at Staples – daily planners that help you set a precise schedule, weekly planners that let you organize your work and home life, and monthly planners that let you see the bigger picture. You can find refillable planners that allow you to maintain quality and consistency by adding new pages when a new year comes around. Pick a size. You’ll find planners as small as 4x6 inches up to 8x10 inches or larger. Smaller versions are perfect for pockets and purses, while larger planners provide more room for detailed notes. Cruise through classes with an academic planner. While most planners cover the calendar year, an academic planner runs September through August – perfect for the school year. Many of these scholastic product choices offer the ability to add your class schedule and contact information so you are always prepared. Buttoned down or a fashion splash. Planners at Staples come in business colors like black, red, and gray, or with fashion-forward covers featuring colorful floral, geometric, animal, or abstract themes. In other words, something for every personality. Accessories for your planners. As you’re browsing online, don’t forget to pick up everyday essentials like pens, highlighters, and sticky notes. Also remember to check out the abundance of backpacks, briefcases, and messenger bags that make it easy to keep things organized on the go. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
