https://www.staples.com/Computer-Monitors-Digital-Signage/cat_CG4
Computer Monitors for Work, Gaming & Display | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer Black Friday deals are here!  Staples Business Advantage  Black Friday deals are here!  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Weekly Ad Ink & Toner Our Sites Orders Set Your Store Staples Business Advantage Staples Connect Staples Promotional Products Staples Print Services Worklife Magazine (Issue Five) TheLoop™ Magazine (Issue Four) Resource Center Business Services Tech Services Travel Services Sustainability Center Recycling Furniture Services Smart Ordering AutoRestock Subscriptions Print & Marketing Services Staples Promotional Products Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center School Supplies Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Mail & Ship Safety Supplies AutoRestock Subscriptions Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Get it Today Local Store Services Computer Monitors for Work, Gaming & Display Curved Monitors 4K Ultra HD Monitors Ultra-wide Monitors Portable Monitors Touch Screen Monitors Business Monitors Do more on your desktop with bright, clear resolutions and a larger display. Shop now Home & Everyday Monitors Crisp, multipurpose display, perfect for media viewing, web browsing and basic home or work tasks. Shop now Gaming Monitors Get immersed in the action with faster response time, higher resolution, wider viewing angles and larger screen sizes. Shop now Computer monitors are an essential piece of equipment for any office. They allow employees to view presentations, project work, and collaborate. However, with so many monitors to choose from, it can be tough to decide which one is right for you and your office's needs. Clarity and Resolution Different computer monitors have different levels of clarity or resolution—the greater the resolution, the sharper the picture. Staples offers varieties all the way up to Ultra High Definition 4k monitors that are perfect for those who want a monitor comparable to the quality of a TV in their office. Consider the size of your office space or desk to make sure you choose a monitor size accordingly. 1024 x 768 computer monitors are a good mid-range option for offices, provided you don't need a huge screen. Perfect screens Flat standard computer monitors are a classic choice for most desktop computers but consider a wide screen to display more. Shop our curved screen options to reduce distraction and eye strain. The size of computer monitors matters too. Think about the size of your office or if you will need to view the screen with a coworker. Staples offers trim 12-inch options and everything up to a 65-inch display. A curved 49-inch UDH 4K may be just what you need for gaming. Features for ease of use Touch screens help make work easy and efficient. They allow you to interact with your screen and often offer better color accuracy and brightness. Consider computer monitors with internal speakers to avoid pairing and make audio functions simple. These are just a few things to remember when shopping for computer monitors. There are many options out there, so be sure to consider your needs before making your decision. Don't forget to stop by our computer accessories department for monitor mounts and privacy screens to go with your new monitor. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2022, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location.  JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
