https://www.staples.com/Copystar/cat_CG774
Copystar Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Copystar Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Copystar Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Copystar Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Copystar printer cartridges are designed to maximize the performance of compatible Copystar document processing systems. Unlike discount ink cartridges, genuine Copystar toner cartridges meet the same high standards as Copystar printers. Staples carries a broad range of original Copystar ink cartridges and developers for copiers, fax machines and printers, making it easy to find refills for Copystar office equipment. Exceptional Print Quality Offering consistent toner flow to the print head, Copystar printer cartridges ensure each printed page receives exactly the material needed to provide complete page coverage. The crisp text, consistent colors and beautiful images created by the Copystar print process ensure each page of printed reports and documents is professional looking. The Copystar toners used in these products are also formulated to fuse at the exact temperatures generated by Copystar printers, so there's no leftover toner to smear printed output. Easy-to-Use Products Copystar toner cartridges are designed for drop-in installation, so anyone in the office can refill the printer when it runs out of supplies. The product's design also minimizes the chance of spills when you're replacing Copystar toner cartridges. Unlike some compatible printer cartridges, Copystar products are made from all new or recycled materials, so you can be confident that they will perform as expected. Practical Packaging Copystar printer cartridges contain a single toner color, so each can be replaced as it runs out. This eliminates the toner waste caused by multicolor cartridges, which force the replacement of all colors when one runs out. Copystar toner cartridges have a standard yield that can handle moderate print demands, and individually packaged Copystar toner cartridges are easy to purchase as needed. They're also easy to store for periods of high demand. Using a genuine Copystar printer cartridge keeps Copystar printers, copiers and fax machines running smoothly and produces exceptional printed output. The materials used in Copystar toner cartridges meet or exceed Copystar office equipment requirements. Staples has supplies for many Copystar laser printers, copiers and fax machines. Copystar Copystar TK-423 Copystar TK-439 Copystar TK-479 Copystar TK-679 Copystar TK-719 Copystar TK-822 Copystar TK-859 Copystar TK-869 Copystar TK-899 Copystar TK-6309 Copystar TK-6709 Copystar TK-7209 Copystar TK-8309 Copystar TK-8329 Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
