https://www.staples.com/Desks/cat_CG33
Desks | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Desks COMPUTER & HOME OFFICE DESKS Compact and smart setups. Shop now Standing Desks Raise your desk game. Shop now OFFICE DESKS Every style for every office size. Shop now GAMING DESKS Built for your gaming experience. Shop now EXECUTIVE DESKS Desks designed to own the room. Shop now WRITING DESKS Focused space to do your best thinking. Shop now L-SHAPED DESKS Make the most of your workspace. Shop now CORNER DESKS Create a space that works for you. Shop now A desk is the anchor point of any workspace, be it home, office, or a shared place of business. They are a quintessential piece of furniture for any student or professional and they often serve more than one purpose. In small spaces, they can act as a dining room table and provide additional storage. Meanwhile, in an office, a desk can serve as your home away from home. At Staples, there is a wide array of models to choose from that are designed to fit your needs. Learn more about these desks below. What are the Most Common Desk Styles? Desks come in all shapes, sizes and styles. Below are some of the most popular types that are available at Staples. Read on to find out which one will suit you best. Standing Desks Standing desks offer the ability to work while standing up in order to improve posture and promote more ergonomic working positions. They encourage increased physical fitness in environments that are otherwise sedentary. Some standing desks offer adjustability, in order to move from sitting to standing during the day or to adapt to different heights for multiple users. L-Shaped Desks Corner desks, also known as, L-shaped desks, are perfect for taking full advantage of the space available in your office area by using corners and walls instead of the center of the room. Corner desks also offer the ability to move back and forth between different workstations without having to use separate surfaces. Computer Desks Computer desks offer a range of features designed to improve the experience of using a desktop, laptop or notebook computer. With the ubiquity of devices, many models are compatible with computer usage, but these desks offer the most tailored experience. Writing Desks Writing desks are smaller than traditional varieties, which makes them perfect for writing, creating arts and crafts and performing other activities that don’t require large amounts of space or storage. A writing desk is a great option for those who don’t regularly work from one space, but like to have the option available. Executive Desks Executive office desks are large, often elegantly constructed styles that offer substantial storage and workspace, in addition to being the centerpiece of a room. They’re perfect for formal offices that require substantial furnishings in order to achieve the desired look. What Features do Computer Desks Offer? Many desks come with built-in features that are designed to make them work better for whoever is using them. Read more about these desirable features below. Cable Management Many computer desks offer various tools to manage the clutter of power and display cables, in order to maintain a clean and organized appearance. Monitor Stands Some include adjustable stands that raise your computer monitors to the desired height. Desktop Storage For those who use desktop computers, these desks offer the ability to store your computer tower inside and out of sight. Keyboard Trays Keyboard trays allow for easy storage of computer keyboards and mice to keep them out of the way but still within easy reach when needed. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
