https://www.staples.com/Digital-Check/cat_CG2845
Digital Check Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Digital Check Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Digital Check Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Digital Check Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Staples carries a large stock of high-quality Digital Check printer cartridges for TellerScan printers. The cartridges come with many impeccable qualities for secure printing and feature fade-resistant inks. Choose from a broad range of Digital Check ink cartridges in a variety of colors, and receive consistent reliability for images that may last a lifetime. Color Options The Digital Check printer cartridges are available in the traditional black color, as well as reds and blues. They work most efficiently on regular paper, but can be used to print on a more unique surface like a check or till slip. For these Digital Check ink cartridges, the color is virtually fade-resistant, so users can trust in the knowledge that they will get crisp images that are sure to last. No ink goes to waste or creates messy spills with TellerScan laser printer cartridges provided by Staples, and it's a breeze to change to a different color. High-Quality Reliability With an abundant reservoir of ink, the Digital Check printer cartridges provide fast and efficient printing. Choose from a large variety of laser printer cartridges that are quick and simple to replace and reduce ink splatters. The almost unprecedented reliability of the Digital Check ink cartridges provides ultimate consistency for fade-resistant records. Enjoy a smudge-free result and reduce waste with ink that will dry in less than a second. Compatible Uses Staples line of laser printer cartridges is useful for printing secure products on TellerScan printers. The Digital Check ink cartridges are reliable and can be used for commercial printing of important records or transaction papers. TellerScan ink is compatible with bank machines, scanners and cash registers. Find the right solution for all your secure check and transaction printing needs at Staples. High Yield Staples carries a wide range of Digital Check printer cartridges that produce a high yield of transaction records. Banks and other commercial work places will appreciate the high volume output achieved with Digital Check ink cartridges, which saves both time and money for the user. No matter what the environment or desired yield, find the right replacement for your TellerScan printer at Staples. Digital Check Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
