https://www.staples.com/nxt-technologies/cat_SC350050
Find Tech Accessories from NXT Technologies at Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL ink  Paper Deals  $50 off your print order  50% back in rewards on ALL ink  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Tech Accessories from NXT Technologies™ at Staples Work evolved. NXT Technologies™ provides elegantly engineered technology essentials for home, mobile and office work environments. Free range zooming. WIRELESS STEREO PRO HEADSET Premium sound. Noise cancelling. Shop now Clearer sound all around. UC-5100 WIRELESS SPEAKERPHONE 360° microphone. Bluetooth® connect. Shop now Chargers Shop Now Surge Protectors Shop Now Charging Cables Shop Now USB Drives Shop Now Mobile Accessory Cases Shop Now Power Banks Shop Now Speakerphone Shop Now Headsets Shop Now For product support, please call 800-270-9165 or email ProductSupportNXTTech@Staples.com Staples offers an extensive selection of NXT Technologies’ accessories. These accessories offer a ton of variety for any activity or occasion its users may want to use them for. Read on to learn more about their line of products and why they are a great choice for all your electronic device needs. What Is NXT Technologies? With headsets, power banks, flash drives, tech organizers and surge protectors available, products by NXT technologies allow users to be productive wherever they choose. NXT Technologies provides users with high quality accessories to help them be as efficient as possible in the office or at home. A wide array of options means that whatever your setup is lacking, NXT has the right solution for you. Where Can NXT Accessories Be Used? NXT Technologies prioritizes versatility and utility, making their products useful in most environments. Use them in the workplace, for personal use or even on the road. From using a USB cable to charge one’s phone during a car ride, to transferring files via USB flash drives in the office, there is no limit to where NXT products can be used. What Can NXT Accessories Be Used For? NXT products are varied and have a lot of different uses, which differ depending on the product selected. Keep reading to find out more about the uses for different categories of NXT office accessories. Headsets NXT Technologies’ headphones can be used for listening to music while relaxing or to privately listen to work-related meetings. Flash Drives Flash drives by NXT can be used to transfer data and files between computers and laptops. Surge Protectors NXT’s surge protectors can help safeguard users’ devices from short circuiting while allowing multiple devices to be connected to one surge protector. Charging Cables NXT Technologies’ USB cables are great for charging users’ cell phones and can be used anywhere with an outlet or on any device with a USB port. Power Banks Portable batteries and power banks are very useful for charging cell phones and tablets, at home or on the go. As long as the power bank is changed, the NXT accessory can transfer power into the other devices via a charging cable. Speakerphone Enjoy crystal-clear sound without echoes or distortions with this portable speakerphone, which features a built-in omnidirectional microphone for evenly picking up sound. This NXT Technologies’ product seamlessly connects via USB or Bluetooth, while an innovative lighting feature coordinates your Skype status and availability in real time. The lightweight and portable design is convenient and a 15-hour rechargeable battery offers long hours of uninterrupted use. Mobile Accessory Cases To help carry and store some or all of these devices, mobile accessory cases are another valuable product to help users keep the above mentioned NXT technology in one place and easily transport them. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
