https://www.staples.com/Gestetner/cat_CG716
Gestetner Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Gestetner Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Gestetner Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Gestetner Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Genuine Gestetner printer cartridges offer a combination of reliable performance and exceptional color output when used in compatible Gestetner printers, delivering uniform ink or toner coverage to each page. Staples carries a wide selection of Gestetner toner and inkjet printer cartridges for Gestetner copiers, fax machines and multifunction devices. Excellent Print Quality When purchasing Gestetner printer cartridges, you're getting print technology designed for exceptional results and lower document production costs. Many Gestetner ink cartridges use GELJET technology, a combination of oversize print heads and viscous ink that produces professional-quality, full-color output at a very high speed. The blended resin and wax materials used in Gestetner laser toner cartridges provide exceptional paper coverage and have a wider color gamut than traditional toners, ensuring accurate and lifelike color reproduction. Practical Cartridge Packaging Most Gestetner devices use single-color Gestetner printer cartridges. This cartridge format produces less ink and toner waste than all-in-one cartridges, since a single empty color does not force the replacement of the entire multicolor unit. Many Gestetner ink cartridges and toner products are available in both high and standard yields. Standard-yield toner and inkjet printer cartridges cost less, making them a good choice for home or business users who want to reduce upfront costs and who have moderate printing needs. For high-volume print operations, high-yield Gestetner printer cartridges are a better choice, since they usually reduce per-page print costs. Most Gestetner ink cartridges and toner products use sealed drop-in designs that make replacing spent cartridges quick and easy and prevent toner or ink spills. Eco-Friendly Printing Products Gestetner and its parent company Ricoh are committed to creating environmentally friendly printing solutions for homes and businesses. The toner used in Gestetner laser toner cartridges is made, in part, from resins recovered from waste paper, which reduces the environmental impact of toner production. It also has a low fusing temperature, which reduces the energy used by the printer. Gestetner inkjet printer cartridges and toner products can also be recycled through Ricoh's free global cartridge return program. Staples offers Gestetner printer cartridges to match almost any need, and genuine OEM products ensure the continued reliable performance of Gestetner fax machines, copiers and laser printers. These products also reflect the company's commitment to green printing by reducing energy consumption, using recycled materials and keeping plastic waste out of local landfills. 1000 Series 2000 Series 3000 Series 4000-9000 Series C Series DSc Series DSm Series F Series Faxstation MP Series P Series Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
