https://www.staples.com/InfoPrint-IBM/cat_CG583
InfoPrint/IBM Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find InfoPrint/IBM Ink & Toner Cartridges Find InfoPrint/IBM Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers IBM/InfoPrint Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Staples has a vast selection of InfoPrint/IBM toner cartridges that are sure to benefit many office setups. Choose from brands such as Lexmark, Ricoh and InfoPrint/IBM for a high-quality printing experience, or go green with Staples’ brand of remanufactured ink cartridges. Whether you're looking for basic toner, high-yield toner for maximum printing output, usage/maintenance kits, photoconductor kits or developer, you'll find it all at Staples. Outstanding Print Quality Choose name-brand InfoPrint/IBM printer cartridges for exceptional results, stunning visuals and quick, efficient printing. InfoPrint/IBM toner cartridges are designed specifically to work with compatible equipment, ensuring unbeatable performance and reliability. With InfoPrint/IBM printer cartridges, text is crisp and clear, and pictures are vivid and realistic. Choose a high-yield InfoPrint/IBM toner cartridge for maximum output, which greatly increases the amount of pages that can be printed per cartridge, saving the user time and money in the long run. Eco-Friendly Printing and Recycling For the budget-conscious or environmentally friendly individual, consider a remanufactured ink cartridge. Unlike name brand InfoPrint/IBM printer cartridges, remanufactured ink cartridges are made from recycled materials, ensuring a small environmental footprint and an excellent bargain for the buyer. All of Staples' remanufactured ink cartridges are thoroughly tested by a third party to guarantee exceptional results. With Staples' rewards program, users can receive discounts toward their next ink or toner purchase by recycling ink cartridges for safe, environmentally friendly disposal. Maintenance Kits and Accessories Staples also has a large assortment of maintenance kits and accessories to increase the longevity of laser printers and to get the very most out of any InfoPrint/IBM toner cartridge. As with most machines, heavy use may affect the performance of laser printers; maintenance kits provide users with the tools to keep their laser printer working as efficiently as it did the day of purchase. Consider buying a maintenance/usage kit as a preventative measure before investing in a new laser printer. Staples also carries replacement drums to help any office get the most out of InfoPrint/IBM printer cartridges and compatible ink cartridges. 6400 Series IBM/InfoPrint InfoPrint WheelWriter Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
