https://www.staples.com/deals/iron-mountain/BI3000149
Iron Mountain | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Iron Mountain Iron mountain ONE-TIME SHREDDING PICKUP SERVICES LOCAL PAPER SHREDDING SERVICE Iron Mountain’s secure document shredding service has flexible pickup options for your home office or business. You can shred all your file folders or spiral bound notebooks – no need to remove staples, paperclips, or coil bindings! From financial documents to bills, prescriptions to customer information, your documents will be securely shredded, destroyed and recycled. Iron mountain : How it works HOW IT WORKS SHOP 1 Choose your shredding pickup services for your home/home office/business. Click here to view your options. SCHEDULE 2 Upon placing your order, Iron Mountain will contact you within 72 business hours to schedule a pickup date. SERVICE 3 Iron Mountain will pick up your record boxes or deliver bins to fill your shredding documents before pickup. Iron mountain : why shred Why Shred Stacks and boxes of paper in the office Unsecured documents with sensitive information Industry requirements for document shredding inefficient use of employee's time shredding document What's in it for you Stop wasting valuable employee time shredding paper. Secure your confidential employee, customer and business information. Clean up paper clutter around the office. Ensure compliance with industry regulations. FAQ FAQs What can go in a shred bin? What doesn't go in the shred bin? Clean paper (any size), blueprints, newspapers, magazines, brochures, mail, photographs, and file folders can go into shred bins; no need to remove staples, paper clips, rubber bands or small binders. The following items do not go into shred bins: paper exceptions (cardboard, telephone books, hardcover books), plastics (plastic bags and packing materials, computer discs, DVDs, CDs, VCR tapes, transparencies, ID badges, driver's licenses, x-rays), batteries (no batteries of any kind), hardware (computer parts, printer and photocopier parts, trash or hazardous materials), metals, and biohazardous and medical waste. What to Shred? Secure shredding allows businesses to safely and cost effectively destroy unnecessary paper-based documents that may contain confidential information. Shredding can help prevent identity theft or data breach, free up space, and recycle documents. Some small or medium businesses may need to shred documents to ensure compliance. Did you know that any document that has a signature, account number, social security number or medical or legal information should be shredded? For example: bank statements, credit reports health records, pharmacy records, prescription receipts pre-approved credit card applications docs containing name, address, social security number, phone or email address employee records, payroll summaries, tax forms What is the importance of Shredding? Helps prevent identity theft or data breach Frees up space Improves efficiency by removing clutter Prove compliance and stay compliant - a secure shred program must have a rigorous, auditable chain of custody and provide customers with a certificate of destruction which is used to prove compliance Save yourself from fines - avoid investigations, audits, fines & sanctions, severe damage to your reputation, the loss of your customer's trust Recycle - save the earth iron mountain's own risk reduction program Why choose Staples with Iron Mountain? Iron Mountain is an industry leader in document destruction, maintains one of the largest shredding operations in North America. We together provide a secure shredding service to ensure you can protect and destroy confidential information safely, while complying with regulations and privacy laws. What can I expect after my Staples / Iron Mountain order is placed? You will receive an email notification of your order after checkout. Iron Mountain will contact you within 72 business hours to schedule your pickup date. Will my Iron Mountain pickup service happen the same day my order is placed? No. Iron Mountain will call you to schedule your pickup within 72 business hours. Does this service take social distancing into account? Yes. The Iron Mountain driver will leave a container just outside of the residence before stepping back towards the Iron Mountain truck. The driver will then return to lock the container when the customer has finished filling it with their secure documents. There should be no physical contact between the Iron Mountain driver and the customer. Can the Iron Mountain driver take materials from inside my garage/basement/attic? No. For the safety of the driver and the customer, the Iron Mountain driver will not be allowed to cross the threshold of a customer's residence. All materials to be shredded need to be staged outside of the home at ground level. What if I live in a condominium or apartment complex without a driveway or personal front door? If this is the case, you can meet the Iron Mountain driver outside the front of the building as close as possible to the street. What type of containers do you have for your offsite shredding program? Iron Mountain offers 65-gallon containers that may be dropped off to your location (which hold approximately 230 lbs, or 8 x 1.2 cubic foot document storage boxes). Iron Mountain does not provide boxes for shredding documents to be stored. Will I know the date/time that the service will occur? A. An Iron Mountain customer care representative will contact you with the date that the service is scheduled to occur. B. Due to the logistics of providing the service to residential customers, we will not be able to offer a time window at this time, other than between our operating business hours of 8am to 5pm (EST). Residential shredding is subject to availability based on service location. Limited services available in Alaska, Hawaii or the Virgin Islands. Show more Get huge savings on great products with these hot deals on the latest technology, from printers to computers, laptops, tablets and more. Don’t wait, though. With deals this hot, the items will be gone in a flash. Save now and ‘Share’ with friend. You can also find our deals on Twitter, Facebook, Google and by signing up for our emails below. Daily Deals are not eligible for additional coupon savings. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
