https://www.staples.com/deals/it-s-recycling-day-every-day/BI3000592
It's Recycling Day Every Day | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer Black Friday deals are here!  Staples Business Advantage  Black Friday deals are here!  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Weekly Ad Ink & Toner Our Sites Orders Set Your Store Staples Business Advantage Staples Connect Staples Promotional Products Staples Print Services Worklife Magazine (Issue Five) TheLoop™ Magazine (Issue Four) Resource Center Business Services Tech Services Travel Services Sustainability Center Recycling Furniture Services Smart Ordering AutoRestock Subscriptions Print & Marketing Services Staples Promotional Products Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center School Supplies Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Mail & Ship Safety Supplies AutoRestock Subscriptions Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Get it Today Local Store Services In-store Recycling Services at Staples It's recycling day every day tech • Ink + toner • and more Best of all, it's free to recycle every day in every Staples® store. See what you can recycle Our impact since 2012 153,789,265 pounds of technology have been recycled in Staples stores. free tech take b     ck Happening now — and every day in store. You bring the stuff, we'll bring the rewards. Find a store Exclusions apply. Working towards a brighter tomorrow. Recycling isn't just a service for us, it's our commitment to our communities — to help shape a more sustainable future for the next generation. Recycling is rewarding. $5 back in rewards when you recycle or shred in store. Learn more Limited to once per customer per calendar month. Redeemable in store only. plus $2 back in rewards per recycled ink or toner cartridge. Learn more Here's how easy it is to recycle at Staples. Gather your eligible items to recycle and visit us in store. Speak to an associate at Checkout to recycle your items. Earn rewards and unlock exclusive offers. What can be recycled in store. Tech Adapters & cables All-in-one computers Battery backup devices Cable / satellite receivers Calculators Camcorders CD / DVD / Blu-ray players Coffee brewers (less than 40 lb.) Computer speakers Connected home devices Copiers Cordless phones Desktop computers Digital cameras Digital projectors eReaders Fax machines Flash drives Gaming consoles Tech (cont.) GPS devices Hard drives Keyboards & mice Label makers Laminators Laptops MP3 players Mobile phones Modems Monitors (CRT, LED / LCD, plasma) Printers & multifunction devices Routers Scanners Shredders Small servers Stereo receivers Tablets Video streaming devices Webcams Printer cartridges Ink cartridges Toner cartridges Rechargable batteries Nickel cadmium (Ni-Cd) Lithium ion (Li-Ion) Small sealed lead acid (SSLA/Pb) Nickel metal hydride (Ni-MH) Nickel zinc (Ni-ZN) Paper Shredding (cost per pound) Other SodaStream® CO2 cylinders What can't be recycled in store. Air conditioners Alkaline batteries Appliances Floor-model printers and copiers Kitchen appliances Lamps or bulbs Large servers Large speakers Non-rechargeable lithium batteries Smoke detectors Televisions Vaporizers Ready to recycle? Find a store Store management has the right to refuse to accept items that may pose a health or safety risk. When you recycle your eligible electronic device at Staples, you relinquish all ownership rights in the device when you give it to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on the device turned in for recycling. You are solely responsible for removing data from your device, and you acknowledge that submission of a device for recycling is at your sole risk. When you give your device to Staples for recycling, you further represent that you either: (1) are the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) have permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling. Impact you can track. Every time you recycle, you're making a difference. And it really adds up. Check out your community's recycling impact and track our progress in the Staples Connect™ app. Get the app Committed to sustainability. For more than 20 years, Staples has invested in waste reduction and energy efficiency programs for our stores, distribution centers and customers. Frequently asked questions What is free recycling at Staples? Staples accepts a wide range of electronic items, as well as ink and toner cartridges, Soda Stream® CO2 cylinders and more, for free recycling every day. No purchase is necessary to recycle, and we accept all brands of items regardless of where they were purchased. What electronics can be recycled? We'll gladly accept and responsibly recycle the following: Adapters & cables All-in-one computers Battery backup devices Cable/satellite receivers Calculators Camcorders CDs/DVDs/Blu-ray players Coffee brewers (less than 40 lb.) Computer speakers Connected home devices Copiers Cordless phones Desktop computers Digital cameras Digital projectors eReaders Fax machines Flash drives Gaming consoles GPS devices Hard drives Keyboards & mice Label makers Laminators Laptops MP3 players Mobile phones Modems Monitors (CRT, LED/LCD, plasma) Printers & multifunction devices Routers Scanners Shredders Small servers Stereo receivers Tablets Video streaming devices Webcams What other items can be recycled? We'll gladly accept and responsibly recycle the following: Ink cartridges Toner cartridges Nickel cadmium (Ni-Cd) rechargeable batteries Lithium ion (Li-ion) rechargeable batteries Small sealed lead acid (SSLA/Pb) rechargeable batteries Nickel metal hydride (Ni-MH) rechargeable batteries Nickel zinc (Ni-ZN) rechargeable batteries SodaStream® CO2 cylinders What items can be shredded? Staples offers shredding services (cost per pound), and we'll gladly accept and shred the following: Adhesive notes Blueprints Brochures Business cards Business forms Calendars Carbonless forms Catalogs Color paper Copy paper Coated paper Datebooks Envelopes/window envelopes File folders Flyers Magazines Newspaper Notebooks (stitched and spiral bound) Paper packaging Paper price tags Photographs Receipts Stapled paper Do you accept batteries and if so what kind? Staples only accepts rechargeable Nickel Cadmium (Ni-Cd), Lithium Ion (Li-Ion), Small Sealed Lead Acid (SSLA/Pb), Nickel Metal Hydride (Ni-MH), and Nickel Zinc (Ni-ZN) batteries that are 11 pounds or less. We do not accept automotive/wet-cell batteries or alkaline or lithium batteries. Are appliances eligible for tech recycling? Staples currently accepts coffee brewers weighing less than 40 pounds. No other appliances are currently eligible for recycling at this time. What items cannot be recycled? Staples has a small list of prohibited items that cannot be accepted for recycling in our stores. We're unable to accept the following: Alkaline batteries (except in certain states/municipalities where retail collection is required, such as Vermont) Appliances Floor-model printers and copiers Kitchen electronics (other than coffee brewers) Lamps or bulbs Large servers Large speakers Non-rechargeable lithium batteries Smoke detectors Televisions Vaporizers Store management has the right to refuse to accept items that may pose a health or safety risk (e.g., broken monitors not packed in a box, laptops with damaged batteries, etc.). If you are unsure whether an item is acceptable, please contact your local Staples® store with questions. What items cannot be shredded? Staples has a small list of prohibited items that cannot be accepted for shredding in our stores. We're unable to accept the following: Binders Cardboard CDs/DVDs/Blu-ray discs Computer discs Hardcover books Hanging folders ID badges/driver's licenses Large binder clips Microfiche/microfilm Plastic bags/packing material Telephone books Transparencies VCR and backup tapes X-rays Is there a limit on how many items I can recycle? Staples has a limit of 7 items per customer per day. Certain stores may, at the general manager's discretion, accept a larger number of items on a case-by-case basis. Where in the store should I bring my items to be recycled? All items eligible for recycling should be brought to the checkout area of the store to be assessed and accepted by a Staples associate. If accepted, the associate will process your items to be recycled and qualify the no-cost transaction for earned rewards if an enrolled Staples Rewards® member. Where in the store should I bring my items to be shredded? All items eligible for shredding should be brought to the print center to be assessed and accepted by a Staples associate. If accepted, the associate will process your items to be shredded and qualify the transaction (cost per pound) for earned rewards if an enrolled Staples Rewards member. Do I have to be a Staples Rewards member to recycle? No, you do not need to be a Staples Rewards member to recycle items at Staples. However, the only way to earn rewards for recycling is to be a Staples Rewards member. I have a business, can I recycle as part of this program? Staples accepts eligible items from any customers whether they are for personal or business use. However, employees of businesses or other organizations should confirm with their information technology team about recycling any company devices. There may be specific requirements that need to be met before recycling items. Staples takes steps to protect customer information and our recycling partners will erase customer computers prior to recycling as part of our technology services. We do not provide asset tracking, certificates of destruction or certificates of erasure through our retail store program. Staples does offer mail-back box programs and pickup of electronics for businesses with 10+ employees through our Staples Advantage® division. Can I recycle at any Staples store? All Staples stores except for our smaller-format stores in New York City and Washington, D.C. accept electronics for free recycling every day they are open. Find a Staples near you. Why should I recycle at Staples? Unlike many municipal programs, some other national retailers, and other local recyclers, recycling all eligible items at Staples is always free and convenient. Plus, as a Staples Rewards member, you can earn rewards for recycling tech, ink & toner and more. Since 2012, Staples stores have recycled more than 153 million pounds of technology and more than 211 million pounds of ink & toner cartridges. How are my electronics processed once they've been recycled at a Staples store? Materials Staples collects from customers are kept in an employee-only area of the store for a short time until sufficient material has been collected to backhaul to our Staples warehouse locations. The Staples warehouses consolidate the electronics into full truckloads and ship the material to the facilities of our national recycling partner. There, the material is triaged based on potential for remanufacturing or parts harvesting. Items that can be refurbished or that may have parts that can be reused are separated and processed separately. Any computers, phones or other data-containing devices with hard drives entering the reuse market are wiped to Department of Defense specifications or the hard drives/memory cards are destroyed. Older electronic items are pre-processed and then run through a large shredder to separate various metals, plastics and glass for sending to different downstream recycling facilities. What if I need to recover data from a recycled item? When you recycle your eligible electronic device at Staples, you relinquish all ownership rights in the device when you give it to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on the device turned in for recycling. You are solely responsible for removing data from your device, and you acknowledge that submission of a device for recycling is at your sole risk. When you give your device to Staples for recycling, you further represent that you either: (1) are the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) have permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling. How does Staples ensure the material you collect is responsibly recycled? Staples is an e-Stewards Enterprise, which means that we have committed to using certified e-Stewards recyclers whenever possible to handle the materials we collect. Our recycling partner is audited against stringent standards and discloses its downstream processing partners to ensure that they are using responsible e-waste recycling practices and not exporting or otherwise improperly handling electronic materials. Recycling Rewards Each Rewards Member is eligible to receive $5 back in rewards via Store Bonus for recycling or shredding performed at Staples® U.S. stores only. Eligible items to be recycled include adapters and cables, computers, tablets, monitors, keyboards and mice, printers, scanners, fax machines, mobile phones, digital cameras, ink and toner cartridges, rechargeable batteries, shredding and SodaStream® CO2 cylinders. No minimum purchase required. $5 recycling reward limited to once per customer per calendar month. Member may recycle multiple times however Store Bonus will only be issued for the first qualifying visit per calendar month. For in-store recycling, the Member must be physically present at the store when items are accepted by an associate to be recycled, and their Membership account must be identified. All stores are eligible for recycling and shredding and all Members are eligible to earn rewards for recycling and shredding. Store Bonus checks are issued monthly via the Staples Connect™ mobile app or on staples.com/rewards. Store Bonus may be redeemed at any Staples U.S. store by the expiration date printed on your Store Bonus. Store Bonus is not redeemable for cash. Staples is not liable for unclaimed or expired Store Bonus. Store Bonus cannot be redeemed for or applied against cash, taxes, credit remittance, shipping charges, custom printing orders placed online, promotional products, any purchases made on staples.com®, design.staples.com, documents.staples.com, design.staples.com/promotional-products, gift cards, prepaid phone cards, postage stamps, prior purchases, purchases made on staplesmobile.com or purchases on third-party websites. Staples Recycling Program ("Program") Terms and Conditions ("Terms") In an effort to reduce waste going to landfills, Staples has created the Staples Recycling Program which offers Customers the option of bringing in select items to Staples U.S. stores, where it's EASY and REWARDING to recycle. These Terms are an agreement between you ("Customer" or "you") and Staples ("Staples"), and they govern your use of and participation in the Staples Recycling Program. This Program is available to all Staples customers that bring in Select Recyclable Items. Customers who are 18 years of age or older with a valid U.S. mailing address and a valid email address may enroll in the Staples Rewards® Program to receive recycling rewards for certain Select Recyclable Items that they recycle with Staples. The Program applies to Staples U.S. stores only. 1. Select Recyclable Items The items that may be recycled at a Staples U.S. store ("Select Recyclable Items") include print cartridges, a variety of electronics, SodaStream® CO2 containers, select rechargeable batteries, select kitchen appliances and paper. The list may change from time to time, and the complete list of Select Recyclable Items at any given time will be available on the Staples website at: https://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/sustainability-center/recycling-services/. Some locations may offer additional recycling services. Items that are determined by Staples, in its sole discretion, to pose a health or safety risk will not be accepted. Staples does not accept products that are subject to a Consumer Product Safety Commission recall. The Select Recyclable Items may be recycled free of any charge to the Customer. Customer may recycle up to seven (7) items per day. Certain Select Recyclable Items are or may become eligible for Staples Rewards. For more information on and terms related to Staples Rewards, please visit https://www.staples.com/grs/rewards/programoverview. 2. Electronics Recycling Select Recyclable Items include a variety of electronic devices. Customers that recycle eligible electronic devices at Staples relinquish all ownership rights in the devices when they give them to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on devices turned in for recycling. The Customer is solely responsible for removing data from their devices, and the Customer acknowledges that submission of a device for recycling is at the Customer's sole risk. Customer further represents that Customer either: (1) is the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before Customer deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) has permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before Customer deleted all such data prior to recycling. 3. Self-Service, In-Store Recycling Some Staples stores offer self-service recycling kiosks which permit Customers to complete their recycling without the assistance of an associate. Customers are responsible for following the steps to ensure that any coupons or Staples Rewards that would be awarded are attributed to them or to their Staples Rewards account. Customers assume the risks when it comes to participating in the self-serve process in those stores. 4. California Residents In order to comply with the conditions of The State of California's Electronic Waste Recycling Payment program, Customers in California will be asked to provide additional information to allow Staples to submit the information required for the recycling payment. The provision of this information is optional, and Customer's refusal to provide such information will not preclude them from participating in this Program or in the Staples Rewards Program. 5. General For information on how we protect your personal information, see Staples' U.S. Privacy Policy on staples.com. Staples is not liable for unclaimed, expired, lost or misdirected statements or other communications from Staples to the Customer or the Customer to Staples. These Terms are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Any Customer's legal action against Staples relating to the Program may only be filed in the state and federal courts of Suffolk County, Massachusetts. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, then the invalid portion shall be deemed conformed to the minimum requirements of law to the extent possible. In addition, all other provisions of these Terms shall not be affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. The Program is void where prohibited by law. Staples reserves the right to modify, revise or cancel this Program, the Terms or any part of the Program at any time for all participants or for any specific participant without prior notice. Staples' decision on whether a particular item can be accepted for recycling or is eligible for Staples Rewards shall be final. By participating in the Program, Customers agree to and are subject to these Terms. Environmental Impact The environmental impact benefit calculations in the Staples Connect app related to recycling programs are estimates provided for informational purposes only. Greenhouse gas equivalencies were determined by applying EPA's Waste Reduction Model (WARM) factors and factors from EPA's Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator to average weights by item type. Actual impact benefits will vary based on a variety of factors. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2022, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location.  JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
