https://www.staples.com/services/printing/knowledgebase
Knowledge Base – Staples Print & Marketing Services Help Knowledge Base | Staples Print & Marketing Services Skip to content Back to Staples Print & Marketing Services Knowledge Base ← Staples Print & Marketing Services Help Important Information about the New Staples Print & Marketing Services Site → Compatible Browsers What Happens to My Saved Artwork? Can I Still Access Old Orders? How is my P&M Services account affected? Introducing One Sign-In My Account → Resetting Your Username and Password Updating Your Account Information Creating and Managing Your Account Password Enhancement Account Security My Orders → Problems with Your Order Checking Your Order Status Changing Your Order Pickup And Delivery Information → Pick Up In-Store Guarantee (Including same day) Pick Up In-Store Guarantee—exception: 15 oz. Scrim Outdoor Banner Delivery Guarantee Promotional Products Delivery Guarantee Free Shipping 7 articles → Uploading and Importing → Uploading Logos and Images Supported File Types and Sizes Uploading Your Own Design Retail Store Locations → Store Locator In-Store Services Can / how can I bring in my files? Same-Day Pickup Options Problems with In-Store Orders Working with Text → Resizing, Moving and Rotating Text Boxes Formatting Text Adding Text to a Template Working with Images → Adding Images to a Template Working with Icons → Adding Icons to a Template Wide Format Accessory Setup Tutorials → X-Stand Setup Tutorial Horizontal/Vertical Hanging Kit Snap Frame Instructions Image Resolution → What Is Image Resolution? Document Design and Printing → What Printing Process Does Staples Use? Paper / Media Types Why is the default image box larger than template? Why do certain colors look different after print? Contact Information and Policies → Terms and Conditions Does Staples Price Match Print and Marketing Orders? Satisfaction Guarantee Privacy Policy Image Storage Policy 7 articles → All articles → Resetting Your Username and Password Installing Problems with Your Order What Is Image Resolution? Uploading Images 55 articles → New and returning users may sign in We're glad you're here Please sign in to leave feedback Signed in as (Sign out) Close Close Feedback and Knowledge Base Search Search (thinking…) Reset Searching… No results. Clear search results Knowledge Base Important Information about the New Staples Print & Marketing Services Site5 articles My Account5 articles My Orders3 articles Pickup And Delivery Information7 articles Uploading and Importing3 articles Retail Store Locations5 articles Working with Text3 articles Working with Images1 article Working with Icons1 article Wide Format Accessory Setup Tutorials3 articles Image Resolution1 article Document Design and Printing4 articles Contact Information and Policies7 articles All articles Staples Print & Marketing Services Staples Print & Marketing Services · Staples Print & Marketing Services Help · Terms of Service & Privacy Policy
