https://www.staples.com/Kodak-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG505
Kodak Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Kodak Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Kodak Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Kodak Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Find Kodak printer ink for both home and business applications. They come in various sizes to handle standard and bulk printing tasks. Kodak printer cartridges work seamlessly with compatible printers to optimize page yield and ensure printer efficiency. Staples®️ offers a wide range of printers as well as ink and toner supplies for printing photos, graphics, documents, receipts, and marketing materials. Kodak Printer Ink Cartridges for Efficient Printing Standard yield cartridges are suitable for homes and small businesses. Their yields vary among different printer ink series and ink colors. Opt for high yield ink cartridges to print or photocopy in high volumes. Some cartridges capable of yielding more than 1000 prints. High yield cartridges also increase efficiency by minimizing the number of times users have to change cartridges. Kodak ink cartridges perform consistently to ensure prints come out right the first time. This also ensures optimal use of resources, such as paper and electricity. Cartridges come in tricolor and individual ink designs to work with different printers. Tricolor cartridges help keep the number of consumables per printer minimal. Individual cartridges allow users to only replace the ink color that has run out. Inks in the 10 and 30 cartridge series are available. They work with a wide range of Kodak all-in-one printers. Check for compatibility using the ink and toner finder tool before making orders. Versatile Kodak Printer Inks Dye inks allow a wide range of colors and depth to yield vivid pictures. They are excellent for photography because they render fine details well. Dye inks feature colorant that completely dissolves in liquid. The printing paper completely absorbs the ink and the result is vibrant graphics and text that looks smooth. Pigment inks consist of fine solid colorant particles suspended in a liquid. They yield high-quality text and images. Because pigment is not soluble in water, the prints are water-resistant and can last for generations. Such inks also have a high resistance to fading. Pigment inks are suitable for printing documents for archiving. Also, use these inks to print marketing collateral, such as brochures and posters for outdoor applications. Do Kodak Printer Inks Dry Fast? Yes. Some inks are fast drying to ensure prints come out neatly without smearing or smudging. Quick-drying inks also have minimal bleed through, allowing users to print on different types of paper. Can You Order Multiple Kodak Printer Ink Cartridges? Yes. Cartridges come in various packaging options, including individual color options when you need to replace ink of one color. Select packs come with two different colored ink cartridges. Consider multiple packs that have all ink colors to avoid running out of supplies at work or home in the middle of printing tasks. Kodak ink cartridges come in easy to install designs. Are Empty Kodak Printer Ink Cartridges Recyclable? Yes. Once cartridges run out of ink, they can be recycled to keep the environment clean. Return the cartridges to the local Staples store or request free shipping labels if you had bought over $30 worth of cartridges. You also stand to earn rewards for participating in the recycling program. Easyshare Series ESP Series hero Series Kodak Kodak 10 Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
