https://www.staples.com/Lanier/cat_CG540
Lanier Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Lanier Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Lanier Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Lanier Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Genuine Lanier printer cartridges produce consistently crisp and colorful output and ensure the continued reliable performance of compatible Lanier printers. Staples offers a broad range of toner products and Lanier ink cartridges for Lanier copiers, printers and multifunction devices, including OEM products made by Lanier's parent company, Ricoh. It also carries a complete line of printer support products, such as replacement drums and maintenance kits. Quality Printed Output Lanier printer cartridges provide consistent ink and toner flow to the printhead, ensuring each printed page receives complete coverage. This creates professional-looking printed documents, reports and photos with bright, even colors and sharp detail. Many Lanier ink cartridges use proprietary GELJET high-viscosity inks that dry instantly and resist smudging and moisture, so printed materials can be handled as soon as they're printed. Many of the Lanier laser printer cartridges built by Ricoh use low-temperature toner that reduces printer startup times and minimizes the energy used by the office's printers and copiers. Practical and Easy to Install Every home or office has different print needs, and Lanier offers ink and laser printer cartridges to meet them. High-yield Lanier ink cartridges are designed for large offices or work groups with heavy printing requirements, while standard-yield cartridges are a better choice for homes or small businesses that only print documents occasionally. Standard-yield Lanier ink cartridges cost less, but those with high yields usually have a lower per-page cost over the life of the product. Most Lanier printer cartridges contain a single color. While this does require four cartridges, black, cyan, magenta and yellow, using single-color cartridges reduces ink and toner waste, since each cartridge can be swapped out without affecting the others. Finally, Lanier printer cartridges have a simple-to-install design so anyone can refill the printer or copier when its supplies run out. Eco-Friendly Printing As mentioned, many Lanier laser printer cartridges use low-temperature toners that minimize energy consumption during the printing process. These toners are also made from resins recovered from recycled paper, removing waste from landfills and conserving resources used in toner production. In addition, you can recycle Lanier ink cartridges and toner products, free of charge, through a cartridge return program offered by Ricoh. 5000 Series 8000-9000 Series IM Series Lanier LanierFax LD Series LF Series LP Series MP Series P Series SP Series Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
