https://www.staples.com/Laptops-Computers/cat_SC3
Laptop & Desktop Computers | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Computers & Accessories LAPTOPS & NOTEBOOKS Business LaptopsChromebooksGaming Laptops DESKTOPS Business DesktopsGaming DesktopsAll-in-One Computers MONITORS 24" Monitors27" MonitorsCurved MonitorsGaming Monitors REFURBISHED TECHNOLOGY Refurbished LaptopsRefurbished DesktopsRefurbished Printers TABLETS iPadsAndroid TabletsMicrosoft Surface TabletsE-Readers ACCESSORIES Monitor Mounts & StandsKeyboards & MiceWebcamsHard Drives & StorageCleaning & MaintenanceComputer Components Since entering homes and offices in the 1970's, computers have become indispensable. Manufacturers like Apple, Dell, HP and more are constantly innovating personal computer technology and these devices are becoming more advanced by the day. Learn more about the specifications to look out for below. What Factors Should Be Considered When Choosing a Computer? When choosing a new computer, whether it’s a desktop or laptop, you should consider various factors: Size The size of the computer you purchase should ultimately be determined by what you are using it for and where you will be using it. Your computer needs are incredibly different depending on whether you’re using it for school, work or personal projects. For example, you don’t necessarily need the most advanced video rendering software and an extra-large hard drive, which all contributes to size, if you plan to only use your computer to stream video content and shop online. The amount of space available in your workspace should also be considered. So, be sure to think about everything you want to do with your device and start your search from there. Random-Access Memory (RAM) RAM stores data for applications, so the more programs you plan to run on your system, the more RAM you’ll need. The more RAM your computer has, the faster it will be able to access data. This is used for tasks like editing photos, writing documents and browsing the internet, so it’s important to have a lot available, especially if you’re planning on doing any of those activities at a high volume. It is best to research how much RAM is required for different programs prior to purchasing your computer. Screen Quality Screen quality, or resolution, is determined by how many pixels a monitor has by width and height. The size of your screen will also be a factor in terms of pixel density. Common resolutions include 1080p, HD and 4K. Battery Life Battery life is an important factor specifically when choosing a laptop because the vast majority of users take their computers on the go. Factors like screen brightness, age of the battery and excess programs being run all affect the lifespan. Central Processing Unit (CPU) The CPU is the powerhouse of all computer systems. It should be one of the first things you consider based on the way you intend to use your device. Certain programs have requirements that should be looked at before purchasing a new laptop or desktop. That way, you are assured that the computer is best suited for your needs. Internal Storage Storage types are another area that should be considered heavily when choosing a computer. The amount of internal storage you need depends on the use of the computer itself. There are also options to add more storage through external hard drives if extra space is needed. What Devices Can Be Connected to Laptop or Desktop Computers? There are plenty of devices that can be used with laptops and desktops! You can connect adapters and splitters, computer monitors, external hard drives, computer mice and keyboards among many others. Technology for Hybrid Workforces Follow the Staples guide full of tips to help your team stay productive through a change to a hybrid workplace. We are here to help you with everything you need. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
