https://www.staples.com/Lexmark-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG554
Lexmark Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Lexmark Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Lexmark Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Lexmark Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Using the right materials matters when it comes to getting high-quality printing results. For Lexmark printers or Lexmark all-in-one printers, it is recommended to use Lexmark ink and toner for the best printing performance. Learn more about Lexmark products and how they should be used below. What Kind of Ink Does a Lexmark Printer Use? Lexmark manufactures its own ink cartridge line for use with Lexmark inkjet printers. You can purchase Lexmark replacement ink cartridges to keep your printer running smoothly and efficiently. Not only does Lexmark offer ink cartridges, but replacement toner cartridges for Lexmark laser printers are also available. What Ink or Toner Is Compatible with Lexmark Printers? Each Lexmark ink and toner cartridge is designed to work with select printer models manufactured by Lexmark. This means it’s very important to check for compatibility when shopping for a replacement ink or toner cartridge. When it’s time to refill your Lexmark inkjet or laser printer, opting for a Lexmark brand ink or toner cartridge will ensure your printer always produces the best quality documents. Lexmark printers are known to work best when used in combination with Lexmark’s advanced ink and toner formulas delivering bright and vibrant colors on all types of documents. Lexmark ink and toner products are known to last a long time and deliver high-quality results with crisp and clear copy and images on all documents. Their shelf life and product quality will save you time and money in the long run. To ensure you purchase the correct Lexmark ink or toner replacement, refer to the printer model number. Refill vs. Replace Lexmark Ink and Toner Cartridges There are pros and cons to refilling or completely replacing your Lexmark ink or toner cartridge. Refilling an ink or toner cartridge may save you money but it is more labor-intensive than installing a replacement cartridge. Some people believe refilling your Lexmark ink or toner cartridge will not produce the same quality results as buying a new replacement cartridge. However, if you primarily use your printer for printing text documents such as home recipes or letters, a Lexmark ink or toner refill is likely a suitable option for you. While buying a replacement ink or toner cartridge might be more expensive, it can prove to be worth the upfront investment. If you are someone who prints photos or professional materials often, it might be in your best interest to invest in Lexmark’s replacement ink or toner cartridges. Replacement cartridges also come with a new printer head that is bound to wear out after prolonged use anyway. The decision to refill versus replace your Lexmark ink or toner cartridge primarily depends on what you use your printer for and if your printhead needs a replacement. B Series Cartridges C Series Color Laser Series Cartridges CS Series Cartridges CX Series Cartridges E Series Cartridges Formsprinter Series Cartridges Lexmark Series Cartridges M Series Cartridges MB Series Cartridges MC Series Cartridges MS Series Cartridges MX Series Cartridges Optra and OptraImage Series Cartridges P Series Inkjet Series Cartridges T Series Cartridges W Series Cartridges X Series Cartridges XC Series Cartridges XM Series Cartridges XS Series Cartridges Z Series Cartridges Lexmark 1 Lexmark 4/5 Lexmark 14/15 Lexmark 17/27 Lexmark 23/24 Lexmark 28/29 Lexmark 32/33 Lexmark 36/37 Lexmark 41/42 Lexmark 100 Lexmark 150 Lexmark 500 Lexmark 501 Lexmark 520 Lexmark 521 Lexmark 540 Lexmark 600 Lexmark 601 Lexmark 620 Lexmark 621 Lexmark 640 Lexmark 700 Lexmark 701 Lexmark 800 Lexmark 801 Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink and/or toner in one transaction and earn Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals, HP Instant Ink and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, non-transferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
