https://www.staples.com/Murata-Muratec/cat_CG605
Murata/Muratec Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Murata/Muratec Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Murata/Muratec Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Muratec Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Businesses will appreciate the large selection of Murata/Muratec ink cartridges available at Staples. Choose from remanufactured ink cartridges and original laser printer cartridges for use with fax machines and other printing equipment. Generate amazing printouts that bring ideas to life with Murata/Muratec printer cartridges. Sharp Images Staples carries a wide selection of Murata/Muratec printer cartridges that deliver impressive results with printed pages that contain solid black images, fine lines and sharp edges. Whether they are standard-yield remanufactured ink cartridges capable of producing thousands of pages or high-yield drum toners ready to produce tens of thousands of printouts, the high level of quality remains the same. Choose from Staples' large assortment of Murata/Muratec ink cartridges to keep print quality high and documents looking professional. Intuitive Design Murata/Muratec ink cartridges feature an innovative design that produces maximum output from each cartridge. They are compatible with Muratec fax machines that feature built-in technology to reduce waste by collecting unused toner for reuse on the next project to extend the life of the toner cartridges while keeping operating costs down. Murata/Muratec printer cartridges are also designed so that pages set and dry as soon as they are printed to reduce accidental smudging and ensure that they're ready for handling almost immediately. Select from a variety of models available at Staples. Compatible Machines Browse the large inventory of Murata/Muratec ink cartridges at Staples that are compatible with fax machines and other copier and fax machine combination printers. Although they are primarily designed for use with Muratec manufactured machines, some of the Muratec cartridges they also work with a variety of other equipment used for commercial and everyday purposes. Reducing Costs Staples offers a wide selection of Murata/Muratec ink cartridges, including remanufactured ink cartridges. Select the right solution for your printing needs from a manufacturer that cares about the environment. Muratec manufactures environmentally friendly Murata/Muratec printer cartridges that not only reduce costs to the consumer but also to the environment. Choose from the many options available at Staples: It's easy to search by cartridge and model number to find exactly the right product to work with a variety of printers. F Series MFX Series Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
