https://www.staples.com/NEC/cat_CG672
NEC Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find NEC Ink & Toner Cartridges Find NEC Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers NEC Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER NEC has a long history in the printer market, producing everything from color laser printers to inkjets to thimble printers. While the company no longer manufactures printers, NEC toner cartridges and ink cartridges are still available in limited quantities. Third-party suppliers also produce compatible ink cartridges for some NEC printers. Staples carries NEC printer cartridges for select NEC products, including supplies from well-known manufacturers such as Murata. Varied Printing Products There are many kinds of NEC printers with many different features and capabilities in circulation today. NEC color and black and white laser printers use compatible ink cartridges to produce sharp text and image output, and thermal fax machines and printers offer budget-friendly black and white printing using film-based NEC printer cartridges. NEC inkjet printers offer vivid color output and use familiar inkjet printer cartridges. While laser, inkjet and thermal film printers are the most common technologies used today, there are other kinds of printers available. NEC thimble printers produce high-quality text, comparable to traditional typewriter output, using interchangeable, 128-character print heads. Dot matrix printers produce output with a tiny grid of pins that apply ink to the paper's surface. Both these printers use ribbon-style NEC printer cartridges. Thimble and dot matrix printers are both impact printers, which means that they apply ink by striking the page with a print head. This printing method is cost effective and can be used with continuous-feed paper. Impact printers can also be used with carbon paper, which is something laser, inkjet and thermal film printers can't do. The cheap printer ink cartridges used by these printers have inked ribbons that are very long lasting, making impact printers an excellent choice for offices with occasional printing needs. Simple Refill Options NEC printer cartridges, print thimbles and ribbons are all engineered for easy replacement. Most feature sealed drop-in cases that resist spills and take just a few minutes to install. Compatible ink cartridges made by third-party suppliers use very similar designs that offer the same convenience and ease of operation as OEM products that may no longer be available. While NEC no longer manufactures printers or printer supplies, NEC toner cartridges and compatible ink cartridges for these legacy printers are still available at Staples. IT Series NEC Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
