https://www.staples.com/OCE-Imagistics/cat_CG526
OCE Imagistics Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find OCE Imagistics Ink & Toner Cartridges Find OCE Imagistics Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Oce Imagistics Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER The market for office and personal printers abounds with hundreds of different makes and models that require an array of printer cartridge and drum configurations. OCE Imagistics printer cartridges are a specialty accessory for CAD and fine-arts printers. Their high-quality construction and performance also make them an ideal fit for other select print-processor models. OCE Imagistics toner cartridges available from Staples are compatible with both original print-processing systems and several cross-system model equivalents. OCE Imagistics Is Now Part of CSA Canon OCE Imagistics started out as Oce. Oce eventually merged with Imagistics, Inc., formerly known as Pitney Bowes, a well-regarded maker of office equipment. OCE Imagistics is now a Netherlands-based company that has become part of Canon Solutions America. OCE Imagistics printer cartridges maintain the printing functionality of legacy copiers and multifunction processors made throughout its evolution as a company. Print-Processing Compatibility Among the original print processors that require OCE Imagistics toner cartridges are Kyocera-Mita and Monroe desktop copiers. They provide sharp monochrome output to support the reproduction and printing needs of small offices and medium-size workgroups. Compatible toner cartridges from OCE Imagistics also fit Pitney Bowes and Oce multifunction print processors. These models are offered under different maker labels throughout the world, including Olympia, Sharp and Copystar. Compatibility with Drum Units OCE Imagistics toner cartridges work in tandem with several drum units offered by Staples to support the monochrome laser-printing technology of Oce and Pitney Bowes multifunction processors. The cartridges transfer toner onto print media electrostatically from their companion photoreceptor drums. The compatible toner cartridges and drum units offered by Staples are designed specifically for the original Oce and Pitney Bowes models but also fit successive generations of rebranded processors. Balanced Eco-Considerations As part of the Canon company, OCE Imagistics printer cartridges are eligible for Canon's toner cartridge reuse and recycling program. Canon weighs the benefits of reusing empty cartridges against the environmental costs of the energy used to clean, refill and transport them. It has designated some OCE Imagistics cartridges for reuse but not others. OCE Imagistics toner cartridges fill a specialty niche market for printers. They maintain the printing functionality of high-quality copiers and multifunction print processors that continue to be rebranded as other models throughout the world. The OCE Imagistics printer cartridges available from Staples are the genuine predecessor line for all of them. CS Series fx Series im Series ix Series Oce Imagistics sx Series TDS Series Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
