https://www.staples.com/Storage-Organization/cat_CG3633
Office Organization & Storage | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL ink  Paper Deals  $50 off your print order  50% back in rewards on ALL ink  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Office Organization and Storage File Storage Storage Bins & Totes Storage Drawers Decorative Boxes & Baskets Cloth & Soft Storage Filing Cabinets Storage DrawersStorage Bins & TotesCloth & Soft StorageStorage FurnitureDecorative Boxes & BasketsFile Storage You get more done when you use office storage supplies to keep everything from old records to often-used equipment neatly organized. Shop for the best office storage containers at Staples. What Are Office Storage Supplies Good For? Office storage and organization are often overlooked components in maintaining smooth business operations. An organized, clutter-free workspace lets workers keep their focus on the task at hand, rather than getting distracted by the growing mess in their space. Being able to quickly find the correct document or reference manual helps you remain productive all day long. What Kinds of Office Storage Supplies Should You Buy? There are a variety of office storage containers to choose from when deciding to organize any sort of workspace. Make sure to purchase the correct office storage supplies, and keep in mind whether you aim to keep these storage supplies in an open-office environment or locked away in a unit for later use in the future. Organizational Storage Organizational storage supplies include folders and filing that keep documents tidy so you always know where to find them. They fit neatly inside snap-lid bins for compact storage. They’re also kept safe from spills and accidents since the lockable lid is secured with two handles. This helps to protect the contents of the box from dust and water splashes. Color-coordinated storage bins make stored items easier to find, and the translucent plastic boxes give you a view of what’s inside to find the item you are looking for. A perfectly flat bottom increases stability and allows for perfect stacking with or without a lid. Stackable boxes also let you condense your storage into a smaller space. Office Storage Not all office storage supplies are meant to be packed away over a long period of time — sometimes you want organizational tools to keep products at the ready where they can be frequently and easily accessed. For example, drawer storage organizers contain multiple drawers to be placed with office accessories like pens, staplers and paperclips for multiple people to have access to while working together in an office space. These office organizing products work alongside desk organizers and accessories to keep items organized in a public space where anyone can use them. Storage Furniture These office organizers and storage products are designed for storage rooms. From open shelves to closed file cabinets, Staples offers many solutions for organizing offices and supply rooms. Office storage supply bins and boxes offer a modern, modular solution for storing items and keeping them well-organized. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
