https://www.staples.com/Okidata-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG778
OKI Toner - OKI Data Toner Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder OKI Toner Cartridges OKI Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers OKI Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER OKI printers are known for their innovative approach to printing both photos and documents, and can be found in homes and offices alike. When it’s time to replace OKI toner cartridges, it’s important to get one that’s made specifically for your printer. OKI toner cartridges are a great purchase for OKI printers because of the brand’s commitment to excellence and the longevity of their products. Learn more about OKI printer toner products below. Why Should OKI Toner Be Purchased? OKI Data toner should be purchased if you have an OKI printer in your home or office. OKI toner cartridges are designed to work specifically with these printers and will provide efficient and productive printing jobs for all of your projects. OKI toner is compatible with a wide variety of printer paper and photo paper, which makes it great for printing anything ranging from beautiful images and photographs to long school reports and business presentations. No matter what you need to print, OKI Data toner will leave you beyond satisfied with its high-quality. Which OKI Toner Is the Best? There are a variety of OKI toner and drum cartridges to choose from that all print with excellent quality. To determine which OKI toner cartridge is best for your needs, there are a few factors to consider. Toner Compatibility If you already have an OKI printer, the first thing to check when buying OKI toner is if it is compatible with your current printer model. Every toner cartridge will list its printer compatibility in the description, so have your OKI printer model on hand while you are shopping. Printing Frequency How often you or your colleagues print should also also be a factor when considering which OKI toner will work the best for you. OKI toner is known for its longevity and for having the capability to print thousands of pages. Some high-yield OKI drum cartridges work exceptionally well for large offices and high-frequency printers because they can print up to 20,000 pages. While researching the OKI toner cartridges that are available, read the product specifications to see the expected page yield per cartridge. In general, OKI toner is sold in high-yield and standard-yield cartridge options. The high-yield toner cartridges print more per cartridge than the standard-yield options and are great for those who print frequently or in large quantities. The standard-yield toner cartridges are a perfect match for those who print less frequently and do not need as much toner. Colored vs. Black Toner Cartridges Depending on your printer model, OKI Data toner is available in a variety of vivid colors including black, cyan, magenta, and yellow that work together to create beautiful colored images. If you are frequently printing photographs, colored reports, or detailed images, buying these colored toners will be essential for you. However, if you find yourself printing mainly black-and-white reports and documents, a high-yield black toner may be your best option. B Series Cartridges C Series Cartridges CX Series Cartridges MB Series Cartridges MC Series Cartridges Microline Series Cartridges MPS Series Cartridges OKI Series Cartridges OkiPage Series Cartridges Pacemark Series Cartridges Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
