https://www.staples.com/Panasonic-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG744
Panasonic Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Panasonic Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Panasonic Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Panasonic Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Genuine Panasonic printer cartridges maximize the performance of Panasonic devices and produce high-quality output on every page. Staples carries a broad range of Panasonic ink cartridges, laser toner cartridges and thermal ribbons, making it easy to find refills for any Panasonic device. Staples also offers remanufactured and compatible printer cartridges that work with Panasonic printers. While these products may not match the print quality provided by Panasonic printer cartridges, they are often less expensive, making them an ideal choice if cost is a concern. Practical Cartridge Technology Panasonic uses tried and true laser printer technology in most of its printer and multifunction devices. Laser printers produce crisp output with exceptional detail, so printed documents are legible and professional-looking. Many Panasonic fax machines use thermal film. This technology uses a very simple print mechanism that is ultra-reliable and compact--it's an excellent choice for critical communication devices such as fax machines. Easy Installation Featuring plug-and-play, spill-resistant designs, Panasonic printer cartridges make it easy to refill empty printers without creating a mess. Most install quickly and easily so the office printer is back up and running in just a few minutes. Thermal ribbon printing supplies offer similar ease of use, and thermal print media won't stain carpets or counters it touches. Flexible Packaging With standard- and high-yield cartridges available for most compatible devices, Panasonic ink cartridges can meet the needs of both occasional printer users and high-demand offices. High-yield cartridges are an economical choice when per-page expenses are considered, but standard-yield Panasonic printer cartridges reduce upfront costs. Almost all Panasonic compatible printer cartridges are sold individually so busy offices can stock up to meet individual print demands. Recyclable Cartridges Most Panasonic ink cartridges are made from materials that can be recycled and reused. Panasonic offers free recycling on select cartridges, and you can recycle printer cartridges not handled by Panasonic using local waste management options. Choose Panasonic ink cartridges, thermal print ribbons and toner products when supplies run out to ensure the continued reliable performance of your Panasonic device. Staples offers a range of discount ink cartridges and recycled printer cartridges to meet home and office printing needs. JS Series KX Fax Series KX-E Series KX-MC Series KX-P Series KX-R Series KX-W Series Panafax DX Series Panafax UF Series Panasonic Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
