https://www.staples.com/Panini/cat_CG2847
Panini Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Panini Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Panini Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Panini Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Panini builds printers and scanners used by retail businesses and the financial industry to capture physical check transactions and print point-of-sale receipts. These printers have unique operating characteristics, and Panini ink cartridges are built to meet the needs of these devices. HP is a factory-authorized manufacturer of Panini printer cartridges. Unlike compatible ink cartridges from other companies, HP products are built to the same specifications as Panini printers. Staples carries HP-made Panini products for many of these specialized devices. Color Inks for Financial Processing Financial document processing has specific requirements for printing, including ink color requirements. Panini printer cartridges manufactured by HP are available in blue, black or red, the most common colors used in these printers. HP inks are quick drying and colorfast, so printed receipts won't smear or fade. Panini ink cartridges can also be used with many kinds of paper, so businesses can choose the printing stock that best meets their needs without worrying about print quality. Convenient Packaging Panini printer cartridges are individually packaged, making it easy to buy just the ink you need or store additional product for periods of high use. The sealed design makes it easy to install Panini ink cartridges, and it saves the hassle created by using ink refill kits to recycle ink cartridges. Panini printers and scanners are compact devices designed for point-of-sale or desktop use. As a result, most Panini printer cartridges have a standard yield. Even these cartridges can meet the demands of most small businesses or financial institutions. Green Printing Options One of the advantages offered by HP-manufactured Panini ink cartridges is they can be recycled. HP will recycle ink cartridges, free of charge, almost anywhere in the world. This keeps plastic out of local landfills and reduces the materials used during cartridge manufacturing. Panini printer cartridges manufactured by HP meet the same high standards of Panini's specialized printers and benefit from HP's outstanding printer and ink technologies. Panini ink cartridges deliver crisp output using fast-drying inks to speed point-of-sale processing, and they're easy to install too. Staples offers the products needed to keep Panini printers running efficiently. Panini Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
