https://www.staples.com/Pentel-EnerGel-Deluxe-RTX-Retractable-Liquid-Gel-Ink-Pens-Medium-Point-Blue-Dozen/product_639712?ars=y
Pentel EnerGel RTX Retractable Gel Pen, Medium Point, Blue Ink, Dozen (BL77C) | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 40% off your first AutoRestock order  Save on Back to School  $10 off document printing  Save on Back to School  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Pentel EnerGel RTX Retractable Gel Pen, Medium Point, Blue Ink, Dozen (BL77C) $35.99 Quantity 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Over 30 Add to cart Home Office Supplies Writing Supplies & Instruments Pens|More from  Pentel Pens Pentel EnerGel RTX Retractable Gel Pen, Medium Point, Blue Ink, Dozen (BL77C) Price unavailable Item #: 639712 | Model #: BL77C | 4.7 169 Reviews 4.7 169 reviews 5 star (142) 4 star (15) 3 star (7) 2 star (1) 1 star (4) Show all reviews | 1 Question Highlights EnerGel high-performance combination liquid and gel ink pen writes reliably for consistent results across handwritten documents Blue ink provides easy readability Medium point 0.7mm metal tip creates sharp medium-size lines on the page for a crisp, professional look Online. In store. Always free. If you aren't 100% satisfied with this item, you may return it or exchange it for free. Simply bring it back to any Staples store or send it back to us by completing a return online. For more details, please see our return policy.I need to return an item. Need help now? Let's chat. Free Returns $35.99 dozen$3.00/Pen Delivered FREE Mon, Jul 17 Next Business-Day eligible if you Order within 2 hrs 23 mins Ship to store AutoRestock Ordering this regularly? Get FREE, fast delivery when you subscribe. Learn more Quantity 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 Over 30 Add to cart Share Compare Pay in 4 interest-free payments of $9.00 with | Learn more Staples Promotional Products Promote your brand on pens like this. Talk with our industry experts to bring your logo to life with curated product selections that stand out in minds and marketplaces. Want expert help now? Learn More Details Specifications Reviews Q&A Details About this product Pentel EnerGel RTX retractable blue liquid gel ink pens deliver smudge-free lines for easy readability. Pentel EnerGel RTX retractable blue liquid gel ink pens with medium-point tips let you jot notes, sign invoices and sketch out ideas with ease. The latex-free grip works equally well for left- and right-handed use, and the smooth-flowing, acid-free EnerGel ink dries rapidly to eliminate smudges and smears. With 12 pens per pack, you are equipped with enough to stock a few in multiple locations throughout the office and the retractable tip lets you safely toss one in a pocket or bag. EnerGel high-performance combination liquid and gel ink pen writes reliably for consistent results across handwritten documents Blue ink provides easy readability Medium point 0.7mm metal tip creates sharp medium-size lines on the page for a crisp, professional look Features a silver colored barrel with blue accents and is made of plastic, including 54% recycled plastic for environmental sustainability New high-performance ink technology blends liquid and gel ink for a smooth flow from the tip to the page Latex-free grip feels comfortable on your hand and enhances your control over the pen Acid-free EnerGel ink dries quickly without requiring blotting to prevent gobs, smudges and smears, making it ideal for left-handed users Refillable with any color EnerGel ink for eco-friendly reusability Limited Lifetime Warranty ensures long-lasting performance Refillable with Pentel LR7 refills Safety Data Sheet Smudge-Free Writing Rely on the high-technology ink in these Pentel EnerGel RTX retractable blue liquid gel ink pens to dry quickly enough to prevent smudging and streaking. The metal 0.7mm tip produces a medium-size blue line ideal for everything from casual note-taking to professional document preparation. Because the pens are made of 54 percent recycled plastic and refillable, they reduce waste and help you maintain an eco-friendly workplace. Portable Convenience Bring these Pentel EnerGel RTX retractable blue liquid gel ink pens anywhere with you. The retractable tip prevents accidental marks in your purse, briefcase or travel bag, and the integrated pocket clip allows you to always have one handy. This pack comes with 12 refillable pens for convenient office stocking. Comfortable Design These Pentel EnerGel RTX retractable blue liquid gel ink pens feature latex-free grips for comfort during long, note-intensive meetings and extended contract signing sessions. The grips are textured to prevent slips, and the smooth-flowing ink flows effortlessly onto the page to reduce the need to exert excess pressure as you write.Safety Data Sheet Specifications Specifications table Attribute name Attribute value Barrel Material Primary material of the products barrel Plastic Erasable No Grip Grip Ink Color Blue Next Day Delivery Yes Pen Barrel Color Black Pen Pack Size Dozen Pen Point Size Refers to the diameter of the nib, or tip, of a pen, measured in millimeters. 0.7mm Pen Type Gel Point Type Medium Refill Type Indicates whether the pen is refillable or not. Ballpoint Refillable Yes Retractable Indicates if product is capable of retracting Yes Series or Collection Items of a particular grouping, as merchandised and labeled by a manufacturer EnerGel RTX Warranty Information Lifetime Reviews Questions & Answers 1 question 0/200 or Show only Answered Questions ASK A QUESTION If you have a question regarding this product, please ask it. You will be notified when a peer or Staples expert submits an answer. Ask a question Would you like to give feedback on product content, images, or tell us about a lower price? Provide feedback top This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
