https://www.staples.com/Pitney-Bowes-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG668
Pitney Bowes Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Pitney Bowes Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Pitney Bowes Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Pitney Bowes Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER When looking for Pitney Bowes printer cartridges, consider that Staples offers a wide variety of replacement options for mailing systems, printers, copiers and fax machines. These replacement cartridges are available as original equipment manufacturer (OEM) options, which are designed to provide proper print system functioning, as well as remanufactured options for those looking for budget-friendly replacements. With an easy-to-use ink-and-toner finder that requires only the machine model number, the site lets users quickly find the right inkjet printer cartridges for individual business needs. Staples also offers recycling for Pitney Bowes ink cartridges, providing an environmentally friendly option for disposal of depleted consumables. OEM Replacements OEM Pitney Bowes printer cartridges are designed specifically for compatible machines to provide reliable, high-quality printing. Choosing OEM cartridges promotes proper print system function through carefully formulated inks and toners. OEM products are tested to meet reliability, quality and performance standards, helping users choose inkjet printer cartridges that meet the needs of compatible printers, copiers, fax machines and mailing stations. Quality Printing Pitney Bowes ink cartridges work with compatible machines to produce bold, vivid colors, along with sharp text and clean lines. Whether printing postage or business brochures, the result is high-quality text and graphics that meet the needs of most businesses. Pitney Bowes printer cartridges are filled with inks of a specific consistency to facilitate proper flow through printheads, minimizing smears, clogging and streaks to promote business-quality printing. Recyclable Staples offers a variety of Pitney Bowes ink cartridges that users can return for recycling. Recycling inkjet printer cartridges provides businesses with the opportunity to help protect the environment by minimizing the number of cartridges placed in landfills. Easy-to-use return labels and local drop-off at the store lets users choose the recycling option that works best for their individual needs. Recycling Pitney Bowes printer cartridges also provides the materials needed for remanufactured cartridges, which is great for budget-conscious offices that want to remain within preset budgets. Whether the user is purchasing OEM inkjet printer cartridges or remanufactured replacements, Staples offers a wide selection of Pitney Bowes ink cartridges for its copiers, mailing stations, fax machines and printers to ensure office productivity remains high while also protecting the environment. Pitney Bowes Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
