https://www.staples.com/Primera/cat_CG910
Primera Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Primera Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Primera Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Primera Technology Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Home and business users with specialized label- and disc-printing needs often use Primera printers. When the ink runs out, genuine Primera printer cartridges keep these unique printers running smoothly. Staples carries a full range of Primera ink cartridges, making it easy to find the refills needed to keep Primera label and disc printers running. Excellent Print Quality Primera inkjet printer cartridges are engineered to meet the unique requirements of disc and label printers. The steady ink flow they provide to the print head creates output with consistent color levels and complete surface coverage, so labels are easy to read and attractive. Inks used in Primera printer cartridges are formulated to adhere to unusual surfaces such as glossy paper used for bottle or package labeling and the plastic surfaces of ready-to-print DVDs or Blue-ray discs. The finished products dry almost instantly, so they can be used in automated label applicators or automated disc replicating systems seamlessly. Primera ink cartridges produce brilliant full-color output at very high resolutions. Convenient Packaging Most Primera printer cartridges are easy-to-install, spill-resistant products, making it simple to get printers back in service quickly. Disc and label printers have unique ink flow requirements. To meet these needs, some Primera printers use multicolor Primera ink cartridges, while others use several cartridges, with one color in each. Multicolor cartridges are simpler to install, but individual color cartridges may reduce ink waste, since you can replace each inkjet printer cartridge as it runs out. Some of these products are available in both standard- and high-yield versions. Choose a standard-yield inkjet printer cartridge for low-demand printing and reduce up-front purchase costs, or handle larger print jobs and minimize long-term expenses with high-yield cartridges. Most Primera ink cartridges are sold individually, making it easy to purchase just the ink you need. Disc and label printing can present a unique technical challenge, and Primera printer cartridges are designed to handle this specialized printing task. Cartridges use inks formulated to adhere to the special paper and plastic surfaces encountered in label printing and produce superior color output at very high resolutions, ensuring each printed label is professional looking and beautiful. Primera Technology Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
