https://www.staples.com/Printers-Scanners-Accessories/cat_SC5435
Printers, Scanners and Accessories at Great Prices | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Printers, Scanners and Accessories All-In-One Printers Print, scan, and copy from one machine. Shop now Inkjet Printers Bright colors and images such as photos and textured paper printing. Shop now Laser Printers Fast high-volume printing. Text heavy and color document printing. Shop now Supertank Printers The eco-conscious buyer. Zero cartridge waste and high capacity refillable tanks. Shop now The best printers and scanners are capable of completing a variety of tasks. The perfect device for you depends on many factors, such as the volume, type of work and how often you will need to purchase ink. All-in-one printers might be ideal for maximizing productivity within the walls of a small business, but inkjet printers may be perfectly adequate for a home office. From printing documents for work or school to making copies of cherished photographs, Staples has an array of scanners and printers to perfectly fit your needs. Read on to learn more about the available devices and their many handy features. What Types of Printers and Scanners Are There? Not all scanners and printers are made equal. Home and office printers come in many shapes and sizes and provide users with different functions. All-in-one printers are great for businesses and users who want one device to meet all of their printing, scanning and faxing needs. Inkjet printers are perfect for users who primarily print pictures and other graphics, while laser printers are great for those who need to print out a high volume of text documents. There are also many different types of scanners to choose from, including document scanners, photo scanners and receipt scanners. Is It Better to Buy Scanners and Printers Separately? All-in-one printers are a convenient choice when it comes to picking the perfect printer and scanner combo, but there are a few things to look out for when considering an all-in-one printer. They are great for businesses who print out a high volume of paper and need scanning and faxing capabilities. They are also handy for users with limited space who could benefit from having two or three devices rolled into one efficient unit. One thing to consider is that if all-in-one printers face downtime, then printing, scanning and faxing are offline. For that reason, it is crucial to ensure that you are using the proper ink, toner, printer parts and essentials to keep it running smoothly. What Accessories Should You Purchase for Your Printer and Scanner? Printers and scanners are an important investment for any organization or individual, so it is important to make sure they stay in tip-top shape. Thankfully, there are many accessories that make it even easier to use your printer and scanner. Learn more about some of the more popular options Staples offers below. Paper Trays and Feeders for Added Capacity High capacity paper feeders are able to hold up to 500 sheets of paper or more. This means fewer trips to the office supply closet to grab more paper. These printer and scanner accessories save time and help create a hassle-free printing experience. Upgraded paper feeders also help users reduce the chances of the occasional paper jam and make your printer more reliable and efficient. Network Accessories for Wireless Capabilities Certain networking accessories take advantage of internet printing protocols and turn almost any scanner and printer into a network-enabled option. Network and wireless accessories are operating system agnostic, meaning that they will work in most office environments, regardless of whether your office uses Linux, Windows or Mac OS. Printer and Scanner Stands for Extra Stability Protect your devices from damage and make it easier to access with Staples’ selection of mobile printer stands. They are sturdy and attractive to fit any room or office. Stands for scanners and printers are easy to adjust and make your device easier to access. Choose from wood or metal stands in a range of colors to match the existing decor in any home or workspace. Shop our top brands of printers and ink From printers to scanners, ink and toner, and anything else you need, these top brands are a great place to start! Printers: HP Printers | Brother Printers | Epson Printers | Canon Printers | Xerox Printers Ink & Toner: HP Ink & Toner | Brother Ink & Toner | Epson Ink & Toner | Canon Ink & Toner | Xerox Ink & Toner This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
