https://www.staples.com/Ink-Toner-Finder/cat_SC43
Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges Shop By Popular Brands View all brands Apple Brother Canon Compuprint Copystar Dell Diebold Digital Check Epson Gestetner HP Huntress Corp IBM/InfoPrint Kodak Konica Minolta Kyocera Mita Lanier Lexmark Monroe Muratec NCR NEC Oce Imagistics OKI Panasonic Panini Pitney Bowes Primera Technology Ricoh Royal Copystar Samsung Savin Sharp Toshiba Troy Systems Xerox Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Printer Ink & Toner Cartridges If you have a printer in your home or office, you are eventually going to need to buy a replacement ink or toner cartridge. These small devices allow your printer to produce beautiful images and sharp documents, so keeping them filled is one of the most important steps you can take to ensure your machine delivers high-quality printing results every single time. However, ink and toner cartridges aren’t interchangeable, and it’s important for you to know the difference between them before you buy so your printer will remain in working order for years to come. Let’s review the major differences between printer ink and printer toner so you will know which type of cartridge to buy for your home or office printer. Should I Buy Ink or Toner Cartridges for My Printer? The most obvious way to determine whether or not you should buy an ink or toner cartridge is to know the type of printer you have. Again, ink cartridges are made for inkjet printers and toner cartridges are made for laser printers, and they can’t be interchanged. Laser and inkjet printers each have their own benefits, so if you’re still deciding what type of printer is best for you, check out the differences between ink and toner cartridges below. What Is Printer Ink? Printer ink is designed for use in inkjet printers. Printer ink cartridges are filled with liquid ink that comes in a variety of colors and is transferred to paper during the printing process. Printer ink is usually more cost-effective and easier to replace than printer toner. Be sure to check the model of the ink cartridge your inkjet printer requires before purchasing. When to Replace Printer Ink Cartridges Most printer ink has a shelf life of roughly two years. Ink cartridges will have an expiration date written on the package, but if you regularly use your printer, it’s not likely your cartridge will last beyond the ink’s expiration. When your ink begins to fade or be spotty during print jobs, it’s a clear sign you need to replace your printer ink. Some printers will also alert you with a blinking light when ink is running low. Should I Buy an Inkjet Printer? Inkjet printers are common in households. They print high-quality color images and text, have relatively affordable ink cartridges and have slower, more precise printing speeds. Most models print up to 16 pages per minute. Inkjet printers are best suited for home use and small businesses that print a mixture of documents and images. If you’ll be printing at high volumes or if your printer will be used by many people, an inkjet printer may not be best due to slower speeds. What Is Printer Toner? Printer toner is made for use in laser printers. A toner cartridge includes powder that’s used in the laser printing process. Printer toner supports faster printing speeds, produces very high-quality photos, and tends to last longer than ink, so you won’t have to replace it as often. Staples carries a large selection of both printer ink cartridges and printer toner cartridges compatible with all major printer brands such as Epson, HP, Brother and more. When to Replace Printer Toner Cartridges Printer toner cartridges tend to have a much longer shelf life than ink, with some lasting beyond the intended expiration date of two years. Some people suggest that removing the cartridge and shaking it will redistribute the toner powder inside and extend its lifespan. Keeping your printer clean and well-maintained will lengthen lifespan as well. When you’re running low, your printer will usually alert you with a flashing light or message. Should I Buy a Laser Printer? A laser printer is a great option for anyone, but they’re especially useful for large businesses, schools or those who do a high volume of printing. Laser printers produce crisp, quality results when printing both documents and photos. Though laser printers tend to be a bit more expensive than inkjet printers, some models can print 100 pages per minute with ease, making them efficient and worth the investment for offices and large operations. What Are Remanufactured Ink and Toner Cartridges? Remanufactured printer ink and toner cartridges are original manufacturers’ cartridges that have been cleaned, refilled with ink or toner, and quality tested to make sure they’ll perform to the highest standards. These cartridges are an economical and environmentally friendly option to get the same, high-quality results at a lower cost. Shop our top brands of printers and ink From printers to scanners, ink and toner, and anything else you need, these top brands are a great place to start! Printers: HP Printers | Brother Printers | Epson Printers | Canon Printers | Xerox Printers Ink & Toner: HP Ink & Toner | Brother Ink & Toner | Epson Ink & Toner | Canon Ink & Toner | Xerox Ink & Toner Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink, toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/29/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
