https://www.staples.com/stores/recycling
Recycling Services at Staples | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Recycling Services at Staples Slide 1 of 1 Best of all, it’s free to recycle every day in every Staples® store.   See what you can recycle > Our impact since 2012 pounds of technology have been recycled in Staples stores.   Take a deeper dive into our impact >   Recycling is rewarding   $5 back in rewards when you recycle or shred in store. Exclusions apply. Limited to once per customer per calendar month. Redeemable in store only. Find a store $2 back in rewards per recycled ink or toner cartridges. Limit up to 20 per month. $50 purchase requirement within previous 180 days. Learn more It’s all right in the app   See your recycling rewards, plus track your local community’s progress and learn more about your impact in the Staples Connect™ app. Get the app Slide 1 of 1 What can be recycled in store Tech Adapters & cables Battery backup devices Cable/satellite receivers Calculators CD/DVD/Blu-ray discs & players Coffee brewers (less than 40 lb.) Computers Computer speakers Connected home devices Digital and video cameras Digital projectors Fax machines Flash drives Gaming consoles and controllers GPS devices Hard drives Headphones and earbuds Keyboards & mice Label makers Tech (cont.) Laminators Laptops MP3 players Monitors (CRT, LED / LCD, plasma) Phones Printers & multifunction devices Routers & modems Scanners Shredders Small servers Stereo receivers Stylus pens Tablets & eReaders Video streaming devices Webcams   Printer cartridges Ink cartridges Toner cartridges Batteries Single-use alkaline NEW Non-rechargeable lithium NEW Rechargeable Nickel cadmium (Ni-Cd) Lithium ion (Li-Ion) Small sealed lead acid (SSLA/Pb) Nickel metal hydride (Ni-MH) Nickel zinc (Ni-ZN)   Writing tools Pens and markers NEW Mechanical pencils NEW   Even more Phone cases NEW Tablet cases NEW Shredding (cost per pound) SodaStream® CO2 cylinders See what we accept in tech recycling kits > What can’t be recycled in store Air conditioners Appliances Floor-model printers and copiers Kitchen appliances Lamps or bulbs Large servers Large speakers Medical devices Records and record players Smoke detectors Televisions Vaporizers Ready to recycle? Swing by your local Staples store today or download a printable version of our recyclable items to reference or share with your community. Find a store Print this list Store management has the right to refuse to accept items that may pose a health or safety risk. When you recycle your eligible electronic device at Staples, you relinquish all ownership rights in the device when you give it to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on the device turned in for recycling. You are solely responsible for removing data from your device, and you acknowledge that submission of a device for recycling is at your sole risk. When you give your device to Staples for recycling, you further represent that you either: (1) are the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) have permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling. Staples cannot accept automotive/wet-cell batteries or rechargeable batteries over 11 pounds. Frequently Asked Questions Can I earn multiple recycling rewards in a calendar month? Staples Rewards® members can recycle items across multiple categories but are eligible for one recycling reward per calendar month.   Here are a few specific examples: Rewards member recycles an eligible battery in one calendar month and earns a $5 reward. Rewards member recycles an eligible technology product in one calendar month and earns a $5 reward. Rewards member recycles both an eligible battery and technology product in one calendar month and earns a $5 reward. What is free recycling in Staples stores? Staples accepts a wide range of electronic items, as well as ink and toner cartridges, Soda Stream® CO2 cylinders, single-use and rechargeable batteries, phone and tablet cases, pens and markers and more for free recycling every day. No purchase is necessary to recycle in store, and we accept all brands of items regardless of where they were purchased. What electronics can be recycled in Staples stores? We’ll gladly accept and responsibly recycle the following:   Adapters & cables Battery backup devices Cable/satellite receivers Calculators CD/DVD/Blu-ray discs & players Coffee brewers (less than 40 lb.) Computers Computer speakers Connected home devices Digital & video cameras Digital projectors Fax machines Flash drives Gaming consoles & controllers GPS devices Hard drives Headphones & earbuds Keyboards & mice Label makers Laminators Laptops MP3 players Monitors (CRT, LED / LCD, plasma) Phones Printers & multifunction devices Routers & modems Scanners Shredders Small servers Stereo receivers Stylus pens Tablets & eReaders Video streaming devices Webcams What items can be shredded in Staples stores? Staples offers shredding services (cost per pound), and we’ll gladly accept and shred the following in store: Adhesive notes Blueprints Brochures Business cards Business forms Calendars Carbonless forms Catalogs Color paper Copy paper Coated paper Datebooks Envelopes/window envelopes File folders Flyers Magazines Newspaper Notebooks (stitched and spiral bound) Paper packaging Paper price tags Photographs Receipts Stapled paper What items cannot be recycled in Staples stores? Staples has a small list of prohibited items that cannot be accepted for recycling in our stores. We’re unable to accept the following:   Air conditioners Appliances Floor-model printers and copiers Kitchen electronics (other than coffee brewers) Lamps or bulbs Large servers Large speakers Medical devices Records and record players Smoke detectors Televisions Vaporizers   Store management has the right to refuse to accept items that may pose a health or safety risk (e.g., broken monitors not packed in a box, laptops with damaged batteries, etc.). If you are unsure whether an item is acceptable, please contact your local Staples store with questions. What items cannot be shredded in Staples stores? Staples has a small list of prohibited items that cannot be accepted for shredding in our stores. We’re unable to accept the following: Binders Cardboard CDs/DVDs/Blu-ray discs Computer discs Hardcover books Hanging folders ID badges/driver’s licenses Large binder clips Microfiche/microfilm Plastic bags/packing material Telephone books Transparencies VCR and backup tapes X-rays Is there a limit on how many items I can recycle in Staples stores? Staples has a limit of 7 items per customer per day. Certain stores may, at the general manager’s discretion, accept a larger number of items on a case-by-case basis. Where in the store should I bring my items to be recycled? All items eligible for recycling should be brought to the checkout area of the store to be assessed and accepted by a Staples associate. If accepted, the associate will process your items to be recycled and qualify the no-cost transaction for earned rewards if an enrolled Staples Rewards® member. Where in the store should I bring my items to be shredded? All items eligible for shredding should be brought to the print center to be assessed and accepted by a Staples associate. If accepted, the associate will process your items to be shredded and qualify the transaction (cost per pound) for earned rewards if an enrolled Staples Rewards member. Do I have to be a Staples Rewards member to recycle? No, you do not need to be a Staples Rewards member to recycle items at Staples. However, the only way to earn rewards for recycling is to be a Staples Rewards member. I have a business, can I recycle as part of this program? Staples accepts eligible items from any customers whether they are for personal or business use. However, employees of businesses or other organizations should confirm with their information technology team about recycling any company devices. There may be specific requirements that need to be met before recycling items. Staples takes steps to protect customer information and our recycling partners will erase customer computers prior to recycling as part of our technology services. We do not provide asset tracking, certificates of destruction or certificates of erasure through our retail store program. Staples does offer mail-back tech recycling kits online and pickup of electronics for businesses with 10+ employees through our Staples Advantage® division. Can I recycle at any Staples store? All Staples stores except for our smaller-format stores in New York City and Washington, D.C. accept electronics for free recycling every day they are open. Find a Staples near you. Why should I recycle at Staples? Unlike many municipal programs, some other national retailers, and other local recyclers, recycling all eligible items at Staples is always free and convenient. Plus, as a Staples Rewards member, you can earn rewards for recycling tech, ink & toner and more. Since 2012, Staples stores have recycled more than 165.9 million pounds of technology and more than 211 million pounds of ink & toner cartridges. How are my electronics processed once they’ve been recycled at a Staples store? Materials Staples collects from customers are kept in an employee-only area of the store for a short time until sufficient material has been collected to backhaul to our Staples warehouse locations. The Staples warehouses consolidate the electronics into full truckloads and ship the material to the facilities of our national recycling partner. There, the material is triaged based on potential for remanufacturing or parts harvesting. Items that can be refurbished or that may have parts that can be reused are separated and processed separately. Any computers, phones or other data-containing devices with hard drives entering the reuse market are wiped to Department of Defense specifications or the hard drives/memory cards are destroyed. Older electronic items are pre-processed and then run through a large shredder to separate various metals, plastics and glass for sending to different downstream recycling facilities. What if I need to recover data from a recycled item? When you recycle your eligible electronic device at Staples, you relinquish all ownership rights in the device when you give it to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on the device turned in for recycling. You are solely responsible for removing data from your device, and you acknowledge that submission of a device for recycling is at your sole risk. When you give your device to Staples for recycling, you further represent that you either: (1) are the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) have permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling. How does Staples ensure the material you collect is responsibly recycled? Staples is an e-Stewards Enterprise, which means that we have committed to using certified e-Stewards recyclers whenever possible to handle the materials we collect. Our recycling partner is audited against stringent standards and discloses its downstream processing partners to ensure that they are using responsible e-waste recycling practices and not exporting or otherwise improperly handling electronic materials. What is the mail-back tech recycling program? The tech recycling kit program is a mail-back service that allows you to recycle your eligible electronics by shipping them in a provided box with a prepaid label to a secure recycling facility. What items can I recycle through the mail-back tech recycling program? Most electronics can be recycled through our mail-back program, including computers, tablets, printers, phones and other small devices. Our mail-back program does not accept loose batteries or any assets that contain, or have contained, liquids, food waste, radioactive or biologic materials. The kit you receive includes a list of items we can or can’t accept and is also available here. How does the mail-back tech recycling program work? Our mail-back program makes it easy to recycle your unwanted or non-working tech from your home or office. Through this program, customers may purchase a tech recycling kit and Staples will provide a shipping box, prepaid label for shipping and instructions on how to recycle. Once you have your kit, simply pack eligible items in the box, seal it, apply your prepaid label and ship the kit to the recycling facility. What should I do before sending my personal devices through the mail-back tech recycling program? Before sending your eligible items through the mail-back tech recycling program, it is recommended that you remove any personal data or sensitive information from your devices. Staples is not responsible for any data left on the device turned in for recycling. You are solely responsible for removing data from your device, and you acknowledge that submission of a device for recycling is at your sole risk. When you give your device to Staples for recycling, you further represent that you either: (1) are the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) have permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before you deleted all such data prior to recycling. What happens to my items after I send them through the mail-back tech recycling program? Your eligible items will be sent to a secure electronics recycling facility, where they will be processed and recycled to the highest data security standards in the industry. Staples’ partner for electronics recycling is the first e-waste recycler to achieve dual SOC 2 Type I and NAID AAA certifications for all of its facilities. SOC 2 Type I tests the implementation of employee controls and training, IT systems and risk management control, product discipline and vendor selection, and confirms that a company’s systems and controls meet SOC 2 audit standards. NAID AAA certification verifies a secure data destruction company’s compliance with all known data protection laws through scheduled and surprise audits by trained, accredited security professionals, fulfilling customers’ regulatory due diligence obligations. Customers who send out eligible items will be provided with a Certificate of Recycling & Data Destruction, documenting that all shipped items have been received and properly recycled. Are there any restrictions on the size or weight of items that can be shipped through the mail-back tech recycling program? Yes, the weight of the small recycling box cannot exceed 6 pounds, the medium box cannot exceed 18 pounds and the large box cannot exceed 70 pounds. Half-pallet boxes are made to support up to 360 pounds and full-pallet boxes support up to 500 pounds. Can I track my items after I ship them through the mail-back tech recycling program? Yes, the UPS® tracking number will be listed on your return label. This can be used to track your shipment via the UPS tracking website. Your tech recycling kit will be sent via standard UPS ground shipping and once delivered, will be processed at a certified electronics recycling facility. What if I can’t get to a store to recycle my Staples® branded electronics? In certain states, Staples stores provide recycling for purchased Staples branded electronics. If you are unable to visit your local store offering this service, please visit mailback.eridirect.com/staples for mail-back recycling options. Load more Recycling reward offer terms:  Each Rewards Member is eligible to receive $5 back in rewards (“$5 Recyling Reward(s)”) for recycling eligible items and paper shredding at Staples® U.S. stores only, redeemable in stores only. Eligible items are ink and toner, select rechargeable batteries, select writing instruments, phone/tablet cases, SodaStream® CO2 cylinders, paper shredding, adapters and cables, battery backup devices, calculators, CD/DVD and Blu-ray discs and players, coffee brewers under 40 lbs, computers and laptops, connected home devices, tablets, monitors, keyboards and mice, printers, scanners, shredders, fax machines, flash drives, mobile phones, digital and video cameras, digital projectors, cable/satellite receivers, computer speakers, gaming consoles and controllers, GPS devices, hard drives, headphones and earbuds, label makers, laminators, MP3 players, routers & modems, small servers, stereo receivers, stylus pens, video streaming devices, and webcams. For a complete list of rechargeable batteries and writing instruments eligible for recycling, please visit staples.com/recycling.  No minimum purchase required. $5 Recycling Reward limited to once per customer per calendar month, nontransferable Members may recycle multiple times, however $5 Recycling Reward will only be issued for the first qualifying visit per calendar month. For in-store recycling, the Rewards Member must be physically present at the store when items are accepted by an associate to be recycled, and their membership account must be identified. All stores offer recycling and shredding, and all Rewards Members are eligible to earn rewards for qualifying recycling and shredding. $5 Recyling Rewards checks are issued monthly via the Staples Connect™ mobile app or to the Rewards Member’s Staples Rewards online account. $5 Recyling Rewards may be redeemed at any Staples U.S. store by the expiration date printed on your reward. Reward must be presented to associate at time of checkout to redeem.  $5 Recycling Rewards are not redeemable for cash/credit. Staples is not liable for unclaimed or expired rewards.  Not valid on taxes, shipping charges, custom printing orders placed online, promotional products, any purchases made on staples.com®, design.staples.com, documents.staples.com, design.staples.com/promotional-products, gift cards, prepaid phone cards, postage stamps, prior purchases, purchases made on staplesmobile.com or purchases on third-party websites.      Staples Recycling Program (“Program”)  Terms and Conditions (“Terms”)  In an effort to reduce waste going to landfills, Staples has created the Staples Recycling Program which offers Customers the option of bringing in select items to Staples U.S. stores, where it’s EASY and REWARDING to recycle. These Terms are an agreement between you (“Customer” or “you”) and Staples (“Staples”), and they govern your use of and participation in the Staples Recycling Program.  This Program is available to all Staples customers that bring in Select Recyclable Items. Customers who are 18 years of age or older with a valid U.S. mailing address and a valid email address may enroll in the Staples Rewards® Program to receive recycling rewards for certain Select Recyclable Items that they recycle with Staples. The Program applies to Staples U.S. stores only.  1. Select Recyclable Items  The items that may be recycled at a Staples U.S. store (“Select Recyclable Items”) include print cartridges, a variety of electronics, SodaStream® CO2 containers, select rechargeable batteries, select kitchen appliances and paper. The list may change from time to time, and the complete list of Select Recyclable Items at any given time will be available on the Staples website at: https://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/marketing/sustainability-center/recycling-services/. Some locations may offer additional recycling services. Items that are determined by Staples, in its sole discretion, to pose a health or safety risk will not be accepted. Staples does not accept products that are subject to a Consumer Product Safety Commission recall . The Select Recyclable Items may be recycled free of any charge to the Customer. Customer may recycle up to seven (7) items per day. Certain Select Recyclable Items are or may become eligible for Staples Rewards. For more information on and terms related to Staples Rewards, please visit https://www.staples.com/grs/rewards/programoverview.  2. Electronics Recycling  Select Recyclable Items include a variety of electronic devices. Customers that recycle eligible electronic devices at Staples relinquish all ownership rights in the devices when they give them to Staples to be recycled. Additionally, Staples is not responsible for any data left on devices turned in for recycling. The Customer is solely responsible for removing data from their devices, and the Customer acknowledges that submission of a device for recycling is at the Customer’s sole risk. Customer further represents that Customer either: (1) is the sole owner of the electronic device and of any data that was on the electronic device before Customer deleted all such data prior to recycling; or (2) has permission to proceed with recycling from all other owners of the electronic device or of any data that was on the electronic device before Customer deleted all such data prior to recycling.  3. Self-Service, In-Store Recycling  Some Staples stores offer self-service recycling kiosks which permit Customers to complete their recycling without the assistance of an associate. Customers are responsible for following the steps to ensure that any coupons or Staples Rewards that would be awarded are attributed to them or to their Staples Rewards account. Customers assume the risks when it comes to participating in the self-serve process in those stores.  4. California Residents  In order to comply with the conditions of The State of California’s Electronic Waste Recycling Payment program, Customers in California will be asked to provide additional information to allow Staples to submit the information required for the recycling payment. The provision of this information is optional, and Customer’s refusal to provide such information will not preclude them from participating in this Program or in the Staples Rewards Program.  5. General  For information on how we protect your personal information, see Staples’ U.S. Privacy Policy on staples.com. Staples is not liable for unclaimed, expired, lost or misdirected statements or other communications from Staples to the Customer or the Customer to Staples.  These Terms are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without regard to its conflict of laws rules. Any Customer’s legal action against Staples relating to the Program may only be filed in the state and federal courts of Suffolk County, Massachusetts. If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable to any extent, then the invalid portion shall be deemed conformed to the minimum requirements of law to the extent possible. In addition, all other provisions of these Terms shall not be affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.  The Program is void where prohibited by law. Staples reserves the right to modify, revise or cancel this Program, the Terms or any part of the Program at any time for all participants or for any specific participant without prior notice. Staples’ decision on whether a particular item can be accepted for recycling or is eligible for Staples Rewards shall be final.  By participating in the Program, Customers agree to and are subject to these Terms. The environmental impact benefit calculations in the Staples Connect app related to recycling programs are estimates provided for informational purposes only. Greenhouse gas equivalencies were determined by applying EPA's Waste Reduction Model (WARM) factors and factors from EPA’s Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator to average weights by item type. Actual impact benefits will vary based on a variety of factors. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
