https://www.staples.com/sbd/cre/help-center/returns-policy/
Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand  Return and Exchange Policies: Online and In Store| Staples® FREE RETURNS Staples® return and exchange policies: Online and in store Looking for information on returns and exchanges? We’re here to help. If you aren’t satisfied with your Staples purchase, you may return or exchange it with a receipt or packing slip. Your purchase must be in original condition and packaging (including any manuals or parts). Return policies vary by product category. Please see the chart below for details. Ready to return or exchange? Get started now. I purchased online I purchased in a store Category Staples online purchase Staples In-store purchase Office Supplies These items may be returned at any time. These items may be returned at any time. Technology, Business Machines & Small Appliances* 14 Days 14 Days Furniture* 14 Days 14 Days Software Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned for a full refund within 30 days. Opened boxed software and Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable. Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned for a full refund within 30 days. Opened boxed software and Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable. Digital Software Cannot be refunded. Cannot be refunded. Ink & Toner Unopened, unexpired items may be returned at any time. Opened or expired items cannot be refunded. Unopened, unexpired items may be returned at any time. Opened or expired items cannot be refunded. AppleCare+ 30 Days 30 Days Prepaid Cards Nonrefundable Nonrefundable Staples online purchase Office Supplies These items may be returned at any time. Technology, Business Machines & Small Appliances* 14 Days Furniture* 14 Days Software Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned for a full refund within 30 days. Opened boxed software and Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable. Digital Software Cannot be refunded. Ink & Toner Unopened, unexpired items may be returned at any time. Opened or expired items cannot be refunded. AppleCare+ 30 Days Prepaid Cards Nonrefundable Staples In-store purchase Office Supplies These items may be returned at any time. Technology, Business Machines & Small Appliances* 14 Days Furniture* 14 Days Software Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned for a full refund within 30 days. Opened boxed software and Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable. Digital Software Cannot be refunded. Ink & Toner Unopened, unexpired items may be returned at any time. Opened or expired items cannot be refunded. AppleCare+ 30 Days Prepaid Cards Nonrefundable Returns of in-store purchases Returns with a receipt If you paid: In a store with cash, debit card or a check, and you have your receipt, we’ll refund your purchase with cash In a store using a debit card, and if the card and PIN code are present during the refund, we’ll credit the account used for payment In a store or through staples.com and used a credit card, we’ll credit the account used for payment With cash, check or by debit card but do not have your debit card, and your purchase exceeded $500 pretax, your money will be refunded in the form of a corporate check Any product that’s returned without a promotional item(s) that was included in the original transaction (e.g., buy a printer, get free ink), will have the value of the promotional item deducted from the amount refunded. Any return of product that included a promotional gift card in the original transaction (e.g., buy a printer, get free gift card), will have the value of the promotional gift card deducted from the amount refunded as gift cards cannot be returned. Returns without a receipt If you’re returning your item to the same store at which you made the purchase, and you have the credit or debit card you used to make the purchase, we can look up your receipt. If it was an online order, you can look it up in the My Orders section and reprint your receipt If you no longer have your receipt and we cannot locate your transaction information, your return is eligible only for an in-store credit for the lowest selling price within the previous 30 days in our U.S. stores. State issued government ID/driver's license, or a Military picture ID is required for all returns made without a receipt. We carefully monitor returns, and in some cases, returns made without a receipt may be refused. Staples reserves the right to deny any return. FAQs What can and cannot be returned? Office Supplies Office supplies may be returned at any time for both staples.com and in store purchases. Software Unopened boxed software that we currently sell may be returned at any time for a staples.com purchase, or any time for a Staples® in-store purchase. Opened software can only be exchanged for the same title version. Downloadable software is not returnable or refundable. Technology and Business Machines Technology and business machines, such as computers, laptops, digital cameras, printers and tablets, may be returned within 14 days of the date of receipt. AppleCare+ Customers who purchased an AppleCare+ Protection Plan at Staples may return to Staples to cancel AppleCare within 30 days to receive a full refund. Staples cannot cancel AppleCare+ for customers who purchased AppleCare+ elsewhere. All requests to cancel AppleCare+ beyond 30 days must be directed to Apple to receive a prorated refund. Furniture Furniture may be returned within 14 days of the date of receipt. Furniture to be returned must be disassembled and safe for shipping. Custom-ordered and custom-assembled furniture is only returnable if it’s defective when you receive it. Ink and Toner Cartridges Unopened and unexpired ink or toner cartridges may be returned at any time for both staples.com and in store purchases. Gift/Prepaid Cards Gift, prepaid and phone cards are nonrefundable and nonreturnable. Prepaid cards cannot be redeemed for cash. Specific terms and conditions are included with each card. What if the item I want to return was a gift? If you don’t have a receipt and you purchased in store, your return is eligible only for an in-store credit for the lowest selling price within the previous 30 days in our U.S. stores. State issued government ID/driver's license, or a Military picture ID is required for all returns made without a receipt. We carefully monitor returns and in some cases, returns made with or without a receipt may be refused. Staples reserves the right to deny any return. Note: Any refund granted will be returned through the original payment method. What if I used a coupon to pay for an item I’m returning? Can I get the coupon back to use again? The coupon is forfeited at the time of use. If you return any of the items on an order, the value of the coupons used may be proportionally distributed to all items purchased. You’ll be refunded the amount you paid (e.g., the original as-sold price less the prorated coupon discount) and will not be able to reuse the coupon. I used Staples Rewards® earnings on a purchase that I’m returning. Will I get my rewards earnings back? Not to worry. As long as the original reward has not expired, you won’t lose your rewards earnings. If you need to complete a full order return or specific item return, the check amount, which was prorated against the returned item, will be sent back to you in the form of a refund coupon. This coupon may be used for a future order with Staples. What happens to the Staples Rewards points I earned on the initial purchase when I make a return? Unfortunately, if you return an item to Staples, you won’t be able to keep the points you earned when you purchased that item. My staples.com order was shipped by one of Staples’ partners. Can I return the item to Staples? Yes, you can. If you need to return an item that came from one of our trusted suppliers, you can simply send it back or bring it to your nearest Staples store, no matter where it came from. I placed a Staples order via Google, how do I return an item? You can return your order via our Online Return Center. Simply click “I Purchased on Staples.com” above to get started. Items ordered via Google cannot be returned in store, as the store is unable to refund your original method of payment. Refunds How will I be refunded? For purchases made online or over the phone with multiple methods of payment, the refund will be processed in the following order: Staples Credit Card, major credit card, prepaid credit card (bank-issued gift card), check and Staples Gift Card. It’s important to keep your prepaid credit card until you’re completely satisfied with your purchase as we are required to process the refund to the original method of payment. If you paid: In a store with cash, debit card or a check, and you have your receipt, we’ll refund your purchase with cash In a store using a debit card, and if the card and PIN code are present during the refund, we’ll credit the account used for payment In a store or through staples.com and used a credit card, we’ll credit the account used for payment With cash, check or by debit card but do not have your debit card, and your purchase exceeded $500 pretax, your money will be refunded in the form of a corporate check Any product that’s returned without a promotional item(s) that was included in the original transaction (e.g., buy a printer, get free ink), will have the value of the promotional item deducted from the amount refunded. Any return of product that included a promotional gift card in the original transaction (e.g., buy a printer, get free gift card), will have the value of the promotional gift card deducted from the amount refunded as gift cards cannot be returned. When will I be refunded? Major and prepaid credit cards: 3–5 days Staples credit accounts: 3–5 business days Gift cards: Via email within 72 business hours and via postal mail within 7–10 business days Check: Via postal mail within 7–10 business days Refund coupon: Via email/fax within 72 business hours and via postal mail within 7–10 days Exchanges I bought the wrong thing. Can I exchange it? Simply return the item online to receive a refund and place a new order for the item you meant to buy. My product arrived damaged or defective, can I get a replacement? Yes. Go to My Orders, find the order with the item you’d like to return and select “Return an Item”, then select damaged or defective as your return reason. You will be asked if you’d like to receive a replacement product sent to you at no cost. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
