https://www.staples.com/Ricoh/cat_CG704
Ricoh Toner and Ink Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Ricoh Toner & Ink Cartridges Ricoh Toner & Ink Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Ricoh Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Ricoh toner and ink cartridges are known for exceptional printing performance. These cartridges are engineered to the same exacting standards as Ricoh printers, and they produce consistent coverage on every printed page. At Staples, you can find a variety of Ricoh toner cartridges, ink cartridges and refills compatible with Ricoh printers. It’s recommended to only use Ricoh toner and ink in a Ricoh printer for best results. Straying from the brand can lead to poor printing outcomes or damage to the printer. To learn whether your Ricoh printer uses ink or toner, refer to your printer model and purchase the recommended cartridge. Why Should You Buy Ricoh Printer Toner? Ricoh is an environmentally conscious brand, making it the preferred toner cartridge provider of many people. Ricoh cartridges offer a steady flow and water-resistant results, and the toner dries instantly, so you never have to worry about smudges. The high performance and quick-drying nature of toner versus ink makes it appealing to those who print photographs or marketing materials in high volumes. Ricoh toner is made with a resin-wax blend that provides an above-average page coverage and color reproduction. Printing results are bold, crisp and vibrant. High-yield Ricoh toner cartridges are long-lasting, printing up to 6,400 pages before running dry. What Is Ricoh Biomass Toner Technology? Biomass is organic matter that can be used to create products in a more environmentally sound manner. Biomass is used as a raw material for the primary ingredient found in Ricoh toners, resin. Ricoh’s biomass toner technology decreases the environmental impact of toner usage, reducing CO2 emissions and petroleum depletion associated with traditional toner. For those who print in high volumes or want to be mindful of their environmental footprint, Ricoh toner cartridges are a quality option. Why Should You Buy Ricoh Printer Ink? While toner is designed for laser printers, Ricoh ink is used for Ricoh inkjet printers. Ricoh’s ink cartridges consist of low-viscosity ink, which reduces drying and overall printing time. Low-viscosity ink is essentially a liquid gel. It’s thicker than standard ink and able to dry instantly upon contact with paper — that means no smudging or bleeding. Ricoh printer ink cartridges deliver high-quality, crisp, vibrant text and images, with color images appearing virtually photo-like. Ricoh ink is also highly economical thanks to how long-lasting it is. Standard-yield color ink cartridges can print up to 2,200 pages before running dry, and standard-yield black ink cartridges can print up to 2,500. How Do You Recycle a Ricoh Toner or Ink Cartridge? Furthering their push to be environmentally friendly, Ricoh encourages recycling empty toner and ink cartridges. While local recycling resources are the most sustainable, if no local recycling options are available, you can conveniently return empty cartridges through Ricoh’s toner bottle and ink cartridge return program. Make sure to check which Ricoh products are covered under this program, as it does vary from state to state, but it is possible to recycle Ricoh toner bottles, ink cartridges, printers, scanners and more. The program is free of charge and simple to use, and you can even return your toner or ink cartridge using its own carton box to further support green initiatives. AC Series Cartridges Aficio AP Series Cartridges Aficio CL Series Cartridges Aficio MP Series Cartridges Aficio Series Cartridges Aficio SG Series Cartridges Aficio SP Series Cartridges AP Series Cartridges Bizworks Series Cartridges FAX Series Cartridges IM/IM C Series Cartridges MP Series Cartridges P Series Cartridges Pro Series Cartridges SP Series Cartridges Ricoh SP6430 Ricoh Type 245 Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink and/or toner in one transaction and earn Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals, HP Instant Ink and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, non-transferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
