https://www.staples.com/Royal/cat_CG775
Royal Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Royal Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Royal Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Royal Copystar Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Staples makes it easy to find compatible ink cartridges for printing documents, photos and images. Search by cartridge or model number and choose from a wide variety of Royal ink cartridges for high-yield results. Manufactured by Kyocera Mita, these Copystar Royal printer cartridges are reliable and some models can produce up to 30,000 pages from one single product. High-Yield Output Whether Royal ink cartridges are required for professional or personal use, users will appreciate the high-yield output of the toners in the Royal Copystar lineup. Users can depend on this product's reliability and convenient production of media, documents and more. The Royal printer cartridges offered by Staples can produce up to 30,000 black printed pages; all output yields are based on a 5 percent page coverage. Cost Effectiveness Royal ink cartridges provide users with an economical option for all printing needs. Copystar toners use a dry ink powder to reduce waste while providing high quality images. In addition to high yields and reliable coverage, sealed Royal printer cartridges can be stored for up to two years without drying out, saving consumers considerable money. Find the right solution for any budget and choose from a wide selection of models from the Royal Copystar RI and RC series at Staples. Quality Printing Staples' assortment of Kyocera Mita compatible ink cartridges provide crisp and clearly printed images as well as documents of exceptional quality. Big, busy offices may require large volumes of printed material and need the quality to remain consistent throughout; Royal printer cartridges turn out fade-resistant documents and various other media such as photos and images from the first printout to the last. Compatibility Staples Royal printer cartridges can be used with a number of copy machines, fax machines and laser printers. Although they are more suited to Kyocera Mita printers for optimal performance, compatible ink cartridges can be used with other machines such as Toshiba fax machines and Royal Copystar copiers. Confirm the model number for each printer and select from the many Royal ink cartridges available at Staples to achieve superior printed pages. Royal Copystar Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
