https://www.staples.com/Samsung-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG682
Samsung Printer Toner & Ink Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Samsung Printer Toner & Ink Cartridges Samsung Printer Toner & Ink Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Samsung Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Samsung printers are among the most sought after pieces of office equipment on the market. These printers are perfect for everyone from teachers and students who benefit from the flexibility of a Samsung wireless printer, to office workers and industry professionals who often need the multifunction features of a Samsung all-in-one printer. When it comes time to replace these printer’s ink or toner cartridges, Samsung toner and ink cartridges are a great purchase for Samsung printers because of the brand’s commitment to excellence and the longevity of their products. Learn more about Samsung printer toner and ink products below. What are Samsung Printer Toner and Ink Cartridges? Samsung printer toner and ink cartridges are both used to create consistently high-quality, smudge- and bleed-free documents and pictures, though they do so in very different ways. Samsung Printer Toner Cartridges Toner is a powder designed to be used with Samsung laser printers to produce clean, quick, and consistent printing jobs. Toner cartridges are available in either black, magenta, yellow, or cyan, and Samsung toner creates bright print jobs, clearly rendering even the smallest fonts. These cartridges are also easy to install in the printer, and often cause little to no mess. There are three kinds of Samsung printer toner cartridges available: Standard-Yield Toner Cartridges are capable of producing around 1,000 to 2,500 pages per cartridge, though this varies depending on the printing project and the cartridge purchased. Toner cartridges of this yield usually work best in home offices or small businesses. High-Yield Toner Cartridges are capable of printing around 2,500 to 5,000 pages per cartridge, depending on the amount of toner used on each page. These cartridges work well in small or medium-sized businesses. Extra High-Yield Toner Cartridges can produce up to 10,000 pages per cartridge. Cartridges of this size are often best suited for large businesses that need to print a high number of pages each day. Samsung Printer Ink Cartridges Samsung ink cartridges are filled with a liquid ink designed to produce vibrant, colorful prints. Ink has the ability to render brilliant levels of tone and depth, especially in color. Samsung printer ink cartridges would work best for either a home office or a small organization that is focused on producing professional, high-resolution photographs and images. Why Buy Samsung Printer Toner or Ink Cartridges? Buying Samsung printer toner or ink cartridges means guaranteed quality, and more importantly, consistency. Samsung printer toner and ink cartridges will be able to produce the perfect document, contract, chart, picture, or whatever is required of the product time and time again. Purchasing the Samsung brand also means that you can increase the overall lifespan of your Samsung printer because of their compatibility. Samsung printer toner and ink cartridges have also been designed to be environmentally friendly. Empty Samsung toner and ink cartridges are collected, sorted, and recycled into a new product, producing a new cartridge with as little environmental impact as possible. CLP Series Cartridges CLX Series Cartridges ER Series Cartridges ML Series Cartridges MultiXpress Series Cartridges ProXpress Series Cartridges Samsung Series Cartridges SCX Series Cartridges SF Series Cartridges SL Series Cartridges Xpress Series Cartridges Samsung 101 Samsung 103 Samsung 104 Samsung 105 Samsung 111 Samsung 115 Samsung 116 Samsung 118 Samsung 203 Samsung 205 Samsung 206 Samsung 208 Samsung 209 Samsung 303 Samsung 304 Samsung 305 Samsung 307 Samsung 404 Samsung 406 Samsung 407 Samsung 409 Samsung 503 Samsung 504 Samsung 505 Samsung 506 Samsung 508 Samsung 604 Samsung 609 Samsung 808 Samsung 2850 Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink and/or toner in one transaction and earn Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals, HP Instant Ink and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, non-transferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
