https://www.staples.com/school-notebooks/cat_DP353481
School Notebooks | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home / School Supplies / Classroom Essentials / School Notebooks School Notebooks Subject Notebooks Composition Notebooks Spiral Notebooks School Journals Here at Staples, we carry a wide variety of school notebooks to suit any need. Whether you're looking for a simple notebook to jot down notes in, or a more elaborate one with pockets and dividers for extra organization, we've got you covered. We also have a wide selection of colors and designs to choose from, so you can find the perfect notebook to fit your personality. Browse our collection to find the perfect school notebook for your classes every semester. Composition notebooks Composition notebooks are typically smaller in size, and have around 80 pages. They are perfect for taking notes in class or jotting down ideas on the go. These smaller notebooks are usually best dedicated to a single subject and since they do not have perforations, they are not the best option for students who like to tear out pages to turn in assignments. Subject notebooks Subject notebooks are larger, with an average of around 150 pages. Most subject notebooks have pockets and multi-subject notebooks will often include divider folders to help you keep track of your class notes in one place. Subject notebooks are most often available with a spiral bindings, and spiral notebooks are ideal for those who want a little more space to write. The spiral binding lets you lay the notebook flat or flip the pages you are not using under the cover while you write, making it easier to take notes however you prefer. Weighing options by personal preference Most elementary students need composition notebooks while older students might prefer a subject or spiral notebook. It all comes down to personal preference, so be sure to try out a few different types before you decide which combination of school notebook types is right for you. Still not sure which school notebook is right for you? Our friendly and knowledgeable associates are always happy to help you get back to school with style and organizational function. Show School Spirit with Customized Notebooks & Journals If you want to get journals and notebooks personalized with your school's logo or team masco, check out the selection available at the Staples Promotional Products website. They come in a variety of sizes, with options to fit your school colors. Plus, some notebooks are paired with other essentials like pens and sticky notes. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
