https://www.staples.com/deals/School-Supplies/BI783896
School Supplies - Deals on Back-to-School Supplies | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer Black Friday deals are here!  Staples Business Advantage  Black Friday deals are here!  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Weekly Ad Ink & Toner Our Sites Orders Set Your Store Staples Business Advantage Staples Connect Staples Promotional Products Staples Print Services Worklife Magazine (Issue Five) TheLoop™ Magazine (Issue Four) Resource Center Business Services Tech Services Travel Services Sustainability Center Recycling Furniture Services Smart Ordering AutoRestock Subscriptions Print & Marketing Services Staples Promotional Products Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center School Supplies Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Mail & Ship Safety Supplies AutoRestock Subscriptions Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Get it Today Local Store Services School Supplies Shop by Grade Supply List Ready for College Find a Store Weekly Ad Let's Go Forward 2 School We're not going back. It's full steam ahead with all the supplies and savings to help make it the best year ever! The back-to-school season is an exciting time for parents, students and teachers alike. Luckily, Staples has a wide variety of school supplies available all year long, with the best deals on top brands. When Should You Shop for Back to School Supplies? The end of summer rush to buy back to school supplies can be overwhelming, so it’s a good idea to start shopping with plenty of time before school starts. Then, check in with your student after the school year starts and often throughout the school year to make sure they still have everything they need to be successful as their needs may change throughout the year. What Should You Look for in School Supplies? Choosing the best school supplies is largely based on the age of your student or students. While basic writing supplies like pencils are a must-have for any age, some items are designed to foster developmental skills based on their grade level. For example, space writing paper is great for learning how to write upper-case and lower-case letters, while graph paper and scientific calculators are more appropriate for middle school and high school learners. It’s also important for teachers to consider the school supplies they will provide in their classroom. Choosing the right school supplies for the classroom will ensure that students feel challenged and engaged as well as help teachers avoid burnout. What Types of School Supplies Are Available? From resources for teachers to supplies that help students succeed, Staples offers a variety of supplies for school. Find out more about the different types below. Backpacks School backpacks are not only essential for transporting heavy books, papers and assignments, they’re also a great opportunity for the student to show a little bit of personality. With both design and functionality in mind, school backpacks range in size and style to meet the individual needs of each student. While individuality is a must, choosing a backpack with age-appropriate features is just as critical. Younger students enjoy easy-to-use zippers and big pockets. Older students prioritize laptop sleeves and charger pockets to take advantage of the latest technology for learning. Writing Utensils Regardless of the student’s grade level, writing utensils are essential back to school supplies. However, as students get older, they will expand from pencils and crayons to pens and highlighters. Whether you need mechanical pencils or erasable highlighters, you can be confident that Staples has a wide selection to choose from. Once you have selected the best writing utensils for your students, it’s a good idea to purchase pencil cases and pouches to keep them organized. Folders Essential to organization and filing, school folders are basic supplies that every student should have. Available in an assortment of colors and design features like pockets and prongs, folders separate important documents for each class or project. Staples carries folders from top brands including Five Star, JAM Paper, Mead and more. Binders Perfect for safely storing and transporting everything from important documents to blank sheets of loose leaf paper, binders are great school supplies for students. They are available in a variety of sizes and ring designs, making them a flexible school staple that can be beneficial at any grade level. To get even more out of your school binder, consider purchasing binder accessories like sheet protectors, dividers and insert tabs that organize your documents. Chromebooks In addition to traditional back to school supplies, consider the technology your student may need during the school year. Chromebooks are a great laptop choice for students because of their long battery life, compact size and light weight for pick-up-and-go performance between class periods. They’re also economical compared to their competitors, meaning you can save money without sacrificing performance. Are There Environmentally Friendly Supplies for School? Yes! Staples offers a variety of eco-friendly educational supply options. Staples has a large selection of products that are Eco-ID qualified, meaning they meet a variety of strict environmental standards. Check for other features like recycled content and other green certifications to help support the environment while shopping for school supplies. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2022, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location.  JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
