https://www.staples.com/school-supplies/cat_SC350235
School Supplies | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand School Supplies Teacher SuppliesClassroom EssentialsSchool ArtSchool TechLearning at HomeSchool Bags & Lunch BoxesShop by SubjectPreschool SuppliesElementary SuppliesMiddle School SuppliesHigh School SuppliesCollege SuppliesNotebooksGlue & Glue SticksCrayonsScissorsColored PencilsPocket FoldersKids' MarkersPencilsErasersPencil BoxRulersBindersFiller PaperBackpacksHighlightersCalendars & PlannersCalculators Whether you are shopping for the new school year, a change in class schedule, or a fresh semester, Staples has a year-round selection of school supplies. With a little preparation and planning you can ensure that your student has all the tools they need to succeed in school and beyond. From backpacks and pencil cases to laptops and highlighters, having the right materials will help them stay organized and complete their assignments on time. Make the most of back-to-school season Before heading to the store, check whether there is a school supply list with suggested and required items. If there isn’t, sit down with your student and make one with all the supplies they'll need for the upcoming school year or new semester. This will help you stay focused while shopping and prevent you from forgetting anything important. Avoid the rush and shop for school supplies early. This way you'll have plenty of time to find the best deals and get everything on your list. Once you've found the perfect supplies, stock up so you're prepared for the entire school year. This will save you time and money in the long run. Help the whole class get ready for the school year If you are able to, consider picking up duplicates of items on your list to donate to the classroom. Your child’s teacher will appreciate having an extra set of school pencils, crayons, glue sticks, a pack of washable markers, or a ream of paper on hand. And don't forget to contribute cleaning supplies like Clorox disinfecting wipes and Kleenex facial tissues to help make sure the classroom is clean and healthy all school year long. With these tips in mind, shopping for back-to-school supplies doesn't have to be a daunting task. With a little planning and the help of Staples, you can make it a breeze. Stay connected with school tech School tech items will help your students stay connected and productive this school year. Choose from Chromebooks, laptops, tablets, and printers, with all the latest technology to get you through your school day. Have headphones on hand for computer lab, and make homework and important documents portable with a portable hard drive or USB flash drive. Choose from a variety of basic and advanced function calculators, including scientific and graphing calculators. School AV & Media Carts are also great for teachers who need more storage options for their classrooms and easy mobility between classrooms, and never run out of power with portable chargers for your devices. School bags & lunch boxes carry all your everyday needs Having the right backpack and lunch box makes your morning routine a breeze. Choose from classic backpacks for elementary school students, or tech-friendly backpacks for high schoolers. You can also find fun lunch boxes in a variety of colors and patterns so you're sure to find something your child will love. Water bottles and insulated containers are also great for keeping snacks and meals fresh throughout the day. Use a reusable ice pack to keep cold food chilled, or a Thermos to keep warm food warm. Learning from home is easy with all the right supplies Whether your student is learning in the classroom, virtually, or homeschooling, it's important to have the right supplies. Luckily, Staples has all the supplies, resources, and technology you need to make homeschooling a success. Make sure your student is prepared with a comfortable computer desk and chair as well as a solid wifi system with a reliable internet connection and all the necessary equipment they need to stay connected and succeed in their classes. Find tech musts like laptops, tablets, and printers and invest in a webcam to make connecting with teachers and classmates easy. Stock your learning area with school writing supplies, loose leaf paper, notebooks, and other classroom essentials. Encourage creativity with art class supplies, learning games, musical instruments, outdoor play equipment, and STEM kits. Stay organized for school Get organized early with storage and organization solutions for home and school. Desk organizers and binder holders keep supplies neat. Stay on top of assignments with academic planners and calendars to fit all styles. Whether taking notes or doodling – dotted journals let you do both. Use markers and highlighters or Post-It flags to creatively call out important points. Staples stocks single subject and multi-subject notebooks, binders, and accordion folders to store class notes and handouts. Keep pencils, pens, and erasers handy with pencil cases or bags. Going green? Use an erasable smart notebook to take notes and upload them to the cloud. Preparing for elementary school If your child is heading to elementary school, find the classroom essentials you need at Staples. Start with a new backpack, lunch box, snack bags, and water bottle. Make a list of school supply must-haves like crayons, glue sticks, pencils, and erasers. Elementary school students often need wide-ruled composition notebooks, rulers, scissors, and pencil cases for class. Teachers appreciate donations of paper towels, dry erase markers, hand sanitizer and tissues for the classroom. Elementary school is an exciting time for both parents and children. With a little preparation, you can help your child start the school year off on the right foot. Middle school and high school students require more As your child gets older, they will need different supplies for middle school and high school than they did in elementary school. A larger, laptop compatible backpack is necessary for carrying more textbooks, Chromebooks, binders or folders and other materials. Your student will appreciate a new insulated lunch bag and water bottle to fit their style. Most schools will assign each student a locker, so add a personal touch with an assortment of locker accessories from mini dry erase boards to mirrors and shelves. And make sure your child has a lock that fits and is easy to use. Many middle and high school classes require a scientific or graphing calculator, so make sure you purchase the right one for your child’s needs. Staples carries SAT-approved graphing and scientific calculators. A pencil case is essential for keeping pens, pencils and markers organized and in one place. A planner will help your child keep track of assignments, due dates, and tests. Make note-taking easy – highlighters are a great way to mark important information in textbooks and notes. If you can’t highlight, Post-it notes are perfect for flagging pages in textbooks or highlighting key points in notes. Middle school and high school can be challenging, but with the right supplies, your student can be prepared for success. Ready for college For some, college is the next step after completing high school. If you are headed to college, choose a lightweight laptop and an external monitor to help you with your work. Invest in a good pair of noise-cancelling headphones for studying or listening to lectures. USB flash drives are a convenient way to keep assignments and notes portable. Complete your school tech with a supertank printer and a supply of printer paper. Keep yourself organized with an academic planner or calendar to track assignments and due dates. Invest in a filing system or laptop case to keep all your important documents organized. If you are living on campus, make your dorm room more like home with a mini-fridge or microwave and personalize your study space with desk accessories and a cool desk lamp. Use plastic bins and totes that can be stored under the bed or in a closet for extra paper, snacks, or countless other supplies. Keep your dorm room tidy with a stash of cleaning supplies like disinfecting wipes, dishwashing soap, paper towels, and tissues. Don’t forget to prepare for laundry day with a laundry bag and detergent. College is an exciting time, and the right supplies will help you succeed. Make sure to be prepared before classes start so that you can hit the ground running! Teacher supplies for all grade levels At Staples, you can find a vast selection of teaching supplies for all grade levels. From arts and crafts materials to main office and classroom organization tools, we have everything you need to help make your school year successful. In addition to traditional supplies like pencils and paper, we also offer a wide variety of educational games, STEM education supplies, classroom decorations, rewards & incentives, lesson planners, and grade books. Staples carries plenty of teaching aids from flash cards and sentence strips to timers, buzzers and more. Cleaning supplies are also necessary to keep your classroom looking neat and tidy, so make sure to stock up on all the essentials. Most importantly, keep your teachers’ breakroom stocked with snacks and coffee to stay energized throughout the day. Teaching is hard work and Staples can help make it a little easier with everything you need to get your students ready for success! Looking ahead at the school year No matter what grade level your student is heading into, it is important to make sure they have all the necessary supplies for success. With a little preparation and planning you can ensure that your student has all the tools they need to succeed. From backpacks and pencil cases to laptops and highlighters, having the right materials will help them stay organized and complete their assignments on time. Getting ready for a new school year or semester doesn’t have to be overwhelming—just make sure you plan ahead, and you’ll be all set when the first day arrives! Good luck this school year and remember that Staples is here to help you every step of the way! From getting those first day school supplies to staying organized and on track during the term, you can shop Staples online or in store for everything you need. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
