https://www.staples.com/Sharp-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG817
Sharp Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Sharp Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Sharp Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Sharp Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Sharp printer cartridges are designed to work flawlessly with compatible Sharp printers, producing high-quality black-and-white and color output page after page. Staples carries a wide variety of OEM and compatible printer cartridges, making it easy to find the ink or toner needed to refill a home or office Sharp printer. Remanufactured and discount ink cartridges are an economical replacement option for inkjet and laser printers when output quality is less important than operating costs. Practical Packaging Options Most Sharp printer cartridges are individually packaged, allowing each ink or toner color to be replaced as it runs out. This reduces waste when compared to multicolor products, since a single empty color forces a complete ink or toner replacement when using an all-in-one cartridge. There are two main categories of cartridges available: standard and high yield. Standard-yield Sharp ink cartridges produce fewer pages than high-yield products, and they do have a lower upfront price. However, high-yield cartridges usually offer lower per-page costs in the long run. All Sharp ink cartridges are easy to install, eliminating the need for a service call just to replace spent toner or ink cartridges. Crisp Printed Output Many Sharp printer cartridges use proprietary micro-fine toner, which produces professional-looking documents and images with excellent color balance. Its tiny particles fuse at a lower temperature than those of other toners, reducing the overall energy cost of printer operations. Recyclable Cartridges Sharp is committed to reducing the environmental impact of printing products. Sharp ink cartridges come in packages made from recyclable materials, and Sharp offers free zero-waste recycling for toner and inkjet printer cartridges. When shopping for Sharp ink cartridges, choose OEM products for reliable and consistent print quality. The exceptional build quality and proprietary inks and toners used in these cartridges ensure reliable printer operation and professional-looking color and black-and-white output. Staples offers a complete selection of genuine Sharp printer cartridges. There are also compatible printer cartridges from third-party manufacturers available for Sharp printers as a budget-friendly alternative to OEM inkjet and laser printer cartridges. AJ Series AL Series AR Series ER Series FO Series MX Series Sharp UX Series Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
