https://www.staples.com/Shipping-Packing-Mailing-Supplies/cat_SC5585
Shop Shipping, Packing & Mailing Supplies | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Shipping, Packing & Mailing Supplies At Staples, you'll find the shipping and mailing supplies you need to get the job done. Whether you are shipping packages or making sure the mail is sent out on time, we have what you need. Mailing supplies can be difficult to find, and with so many options it can be hard to know what to get. We carry all of the most popular brands of envelopes and mailing labels, so you're can send professional looking mail every time. If you'll be shipping packages often, we also have a wide selection of mailers and boxes to choose from. Always ship on time with the right shipping supplies Check out our great selection of shipping supplies to keep your business running smoothly. We carry paper and plastic bags in a variety of sizes, boxes, labels, and more. We also have a range of mailing supplies like packing tape and labels to complete the job. All sorts of mailing supplies to choose from When mailing letters, cards, or packages, it's important to make sure that you've addressed them properly. We carry self-adhesive address labels that are perfect for adding your information as well as address to the back of your envelopes or packages. We also offer standard mailing labels in a variety of sizes and designs. If you need help getting your packages sorted, we also carry tabs to easily identify different types of mail. Packaging supplies to get it there safe No matter how carefully you've packaged your item, it's always a good idea to use extra protection for your items. Padded mailers are perfect for making sure that your items arrive safely. These padded envelopes come in a range of sizes and can be used for both flat and oddly shaped items. We also carry expanding mailers that are perfect for protecting bulky or fragile items. Sturdy cardboard shipping boxes are another great way to keep contents safe during shipment or while moving. We have a variety of boxes to choose from, so you can find the right fit for your needs. And for added protection inside your moving boxes, we carry bubble roll plastic, packing peanuts, and packing foam. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
