https://www.staples.com/hc?id=d0641e76-dd9f-4d69-80d3-ff148ddcd188
Staples Help Center Staples Help Center Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Help Center Help Center Quick Links ACCOUNT Reset a password Manage stored payment methods Add or update tax exempt status Manage order status notifications PRODUCTS & SERVICES Subscribe to AutoRestock Find ink & toner View your design projects View our deals center ORDERS Cancel an order Track an order View or print order receipt View order history RETURNS Return an item Exchange damaged/defective item Return a wrong item View or print refund details Contact Us Help Topics Recommended Articles Managing Your Account Staples Rewards & Memberships Products & Services Ordering Shipping & Delivery Payment, Tax Exempt & Coupons Returns & Exchanges Legal & Policies Privacy & Security Mobile App Additional Resources Legal & Policies California Notice California Notice California Notice Effective Date: July 1, 2023 Version 5.0 California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) / California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA) California residents have the following rights under the CCPA/CPRA: Right to Know and Access. You have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and to know what personal information the business has collected about you. While our table in section 7.h. below describes the personal information we collect about you, you have the right to make a request to know and get access to information that is specific to you, should we have any. Right to Delete. You have the right to request that we delete personal information we have collected from you or obtained about you, subject to certain exceptions. For example, we will not delete any personal information required to provide our existing services to you or that we must maintain to comply with our legal/financial obligations. Right to Correct. You may request that we correct inaccurate information we maintain about you, subject to some exceptions and, if necessary, independent verification. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale/Sharing. If we have sold or shared personal information about you, you have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of that personal information. Right to Non-Discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against if you exercise any of these rights.  Please note that a legitimate denial of a request to know or access, delete, correct, or opt out is not discriminatory, nor is charging a fee for excessive or repetitive consumer requests as permitted by the CCPA/CPRA. To exercise the rights applicable to you, see instructions below in section How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights. Authorized Agent: You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA/CPRA on your behalf. You must provide the authorized agent written permission to exercise your rights under the CCPA/CPRA on your behalf and we may deny a request from an agent on your behalf if we cannot verify that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. Even if you use an authorized agent to exercise your rights under the CCPA/CPRA on your behalf, pursuant to the CCPA/CPRA we may still require that you verify your own identity directly to us. This provision does not apply if you have provided a power of attorney under the California Probate Code. Opt-Out Signal: An opt-out preference signal may be sent by certain platforms, technologies, or mechanisms on your behalf to communicate your choice to opt out of the sale/sharing of your personal information.  Opt-out preference signals will opt you out of the selling/sharing of personal information at the browser level. Metrics: The following section describes consumer rights submission metrics for requests we received from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 for Company business units (not limited to California residents): Disclosure Requests Number of Requests Received 13 Number of Requests Denied 0 Number of Days to Resolve Requests (Mean) 43 Deletion Requests Number of Requests Received 116 Number of Requests Denied 0 Number of Days to Resolve Requests (Mean) 32 Do Not Sell My Personal Information Requests Number of Requests Received 3533 Number of Requests Denied 0 Number of Days to Resolve Requests (Mean) 8 Minors: We do not knowingly share or sell the Personal Information of children under 16 years of age. Notice of Financial Incentive: We may provide price discounts, coupons, services, and other perks to our customers and for members of our loyalty programs. Through these offerings, you may provide us with Personal Information depending on how you choose to interact with us when and after you opt-in to our programs. There is no obligation to opt-in, and you may opt-out at any time. The details of the programs are contained in the program offerings. We offer these programs, among other things, to enhance our relationship with you so you can enjoy more of our products/services at a lower price. While we invest in our marketing and brands, consumer data is more valuable to our business when it is combined with a sufficient amount of other consumer data and after it is enhanced by our efforts described in this Privacy Notice. The value to our business of any individual consumer’s data is dependent on several factors, including, for example, whether and to what extent you take advantage or opt out of any offerings and whether we are able to enhance the data through our efforts described in this Privacy Notice. While we do not calculate the value of consumer data in our accounting statements, we provide this good faith summary for California residents. To the extent we create overall business value from our programs that could be directly or reasonably related to the value of consumer data, the method for calculating the value would include: a) costs related to maintaining the program including but not limited to IT infrastructure, delivery of offers, and marketing activities to enhance consumer data; b) whether the sales generated by the program exceeds the cost to us of offering the program including value of discounts to consumer; and c) value of the insights we are able to create based upon aggregate data. Data Retention: We retain all categories of your personal information for as long as is necessary, even if you are no longer an active customer, to provide the goods and services and to fulfill the transactions you have requested of us, and to support other necessary purposes such as: providing related business processes (such as returns or exchanges), resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements, fulfilling our legitimate interests (such as improving our products and services), responding to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf, preventing fraud, and complying with our legal obligations. In determining how long to retain information, we may consider various criteria such as the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, and the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information.  The purposes and criteria for which we process the data may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information.  For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes.  We may also retain cached or archived copies of your information. De-identified Data: In instances where we de-identify your Personal Information to prevent it from being linked to you as an individual, we will maintain and use it in a de-identified format and will not attempt to re-identify the Personal Information. Non-Discrimination: We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA/CPRA Rights and we will not deny you goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide you with a lesser quality of goods or services if you exercise any of your CCPA/CPRA Rights. As an additional resource, you may also contact us at ConsumerRightsRequest@Staples.com for any additional questions related to the rights granted under the CCPA/CPRA. If you are a data controller with a consumer rights request for us, please contact us at ConsumerRightsRequest@Staples.com.   Disclosures About Handling Categories of Personal Information For California residents, the following section describes: Categories of Personal Information We Collect and Process Examples of Specific Personal Information that may be Collected Categories of Sources from which Personal Information is Collected Purpose of Collecting/Processing the Personal Information Categories of Other Parties to whom Personal Information may be Disclosed Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Sold/Shared* and the Purpose of Sale/Sharing* *Share/Shared/Sharing as defined by California law. While this information is provided throughout this Privacy Policy, we provide the supplemental information below pursuant to requirements under the law. Not all categories or examples of specific Personal Information may be collected about you depending on how you interact with us. Categories of Personal Information We Collect/Process Examples of Specific Personal Information that may be Collected Categories of Sources from which Personal Information is Collected   Purpose of Collecting/ Processing Personal Information   Categories of Other Parties to whom Personal Information may be Disclosed   Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is Sold/Shared and the Purpose of Sale/Sharing Identifiers Names, Account/Loyalty Program IDs, Emails, Addresses, Phone Numbers, IP Addresses, Other Device Identifiers, Tax Exempt Numbers, Driver’s License From You, Your Devices (when you visit our sites or use our apps), Service Providers (e.g., data brokers, fraud prevention companies), Business Partners, Social Networks To identify you in support of business activities such as fulfilling a transaction, communicating with you (order notification, etc.), personalizing your experience, fraud prevention, administering programs Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners/Business Clients such as cloud service providers, payment processing companies, fraud prevention companies, delivery companies, CA recycling partners, and product manufacturers Advertising Networks for the purpose of Marketing and improving their products and services Commercial Information Products or Services Purchased, Price or Service Quotations, Credit Card or other Financial Information, Chat Sessions, Feedback/Survey Responses, Copy/Print Materials, Website Account Credentials, Communications Entrusted to Us From You (when you transact with us or participate in any of our programs) To support a business transaction, communicating with you (surveys about your purchase, customer service, order notification, etc.), improve our products and services, to provide services you request of us Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners/Business Clients such as cloud service providers, fraud prevention companies, payment processing companies, delivery companies, and product manufacturers Advertising Networks for the purpose of Marketing and improving their products and services (We do not sell credit card or other financial information.) Biometrics   N/A N/A N/A None None Characteristics of Protected Classifications   Demographic information such as age ranges, marital status, etc. From You and Service Providers (e.g., data brokers, survey vendors, fraud prevention companies) To protect against fraud, enable you to apply for a company credit card, demographically understand our customers to improve our products and services Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and marketing/sales analytics companies None Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Browsing activity, searches, and other interactions on our websites or mobile apps (such as text entered, pages visited, links clicked, keystrokes/ cadence, and mouse movements), your interactions with our ads From You, Your Devices (when you access our websites or mobile apps) and fraud prevention companies To send marketing to you, improve our products and services, fraud prevention, etc. Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners/Business Clients such as cloud service providers, fraud prevention companies, and eCommerce analytics companies Advertising Networks for the purpose of Marketing and improving their products and services Geolocation Data Location based on IP address or mobile device location information From You, Your Devices (when you access our websites or mobile apps), Service Providers (e.g., data analytics providers, fraud prevention companies) To personalize your experience, display store locations near you, fulfill your orders, analyze web/app traffic, fraud prevention Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and eCommerce functionality vendors None Recordings/ Electronic Communications  (e.g., audio, visual, chat, etc.) Voice, Video, Chat, and CCTV Recordings From You (calls with customer service or sales, or when you visit some of our locations), Service Providers (e.g., chat service providers, call recording software providers) For quality assurance, training and analysis purposes, to improve our products and services, fraud prevention Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and customer service call recording companies None Professional or Employment-Related Information Employer Name and Job Title                           From You (e.g., when you inquire about our programs), Service Providers (e.g., data brokers), Business Partners To send you marketing, personalize your experience, enroll you in certain programs at your request Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and program administrators None Education Information School Affiliations From You (when you participate in certain programs such as Classroom Rewards) To administer certain programs Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and program administrators None Inferences Product and Service Preferences From You (when you tell us what products and service are of interest), by analyzing other data we have about you, Service Providers (e.g., advertising networks, fraud prevention companies), Social Networks To provide you personalized experiences and marketing, group you into segments with other similar customers, improve our products and services Advertising Networks and Service Providers/Business Partners such as cloud service providers and marketing/ eCommerce analytics companies None Sensitive Personal Information* Driver’s License Number, Passport Number, Contents of Mail, Precise Geolocation From you, postal mail that you requested we receive/process, your mobile device To fulfill the services you requested of us Returns Processing Vendor, Passport Processing Vendor, Mail Service Vendor, Store Locator Service None The above categories are intended to encompass the Personal Information described in subdivision (e) of Section 1798.80 of the California Civil Code. *We do not collect, process, or share Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you.  How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights: Residents may submit a Right to Know/Access request by either: Submitting an online request here: Data Disclosure Request Submitting a phone request by calling 1-800-333-3330 Residents may submit a Data Correction or Data Deletion request by either: Submitting an online request here: Data Correction/Deletion Request Submitting a phone request by calling 1-800-333-3330 Residents may submit a request to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising, Selling/Sharing with Third Parties, or Profiling by either: Submitting an online request here: Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information Clicking the “Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information” button on our website We will take reasonable steps to verify your above request prior to fulfilling it by requiring a response to a confirmation email sent to the email address on the request. For purposes of verifying your identity, we will request that you provide personal information we already have on file including your first and last name, email address, and phone number. We may also request mailing address and, if applicable, your account number, login ID for our websites, and rewards/loyalty number to ensure that we have a verified match.  We will respond to your request and let you know if we need additional information. Was this article helpful? Need more help? Click to Chat with a Staples Expert Mon - Fri, 8 am - 8 pm ET Sat - Sun, 10 am - 7 pm ET Call a Staples Expert 1 (800) 333-3330 Mon - Fri, 8 am - 10 pm ET Sat - Sun, 9 am - 8 pm ET This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
