https://www.staples.com/Office-Supplies/cat_SC1
STAPLES® Office Supplies and Office Products Skip to main content Skip to footer As low as 50¢ school supplies  Paper Deals  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Office Supplies Pens File Folders Notebooks & Notepads File Storage Markers Envelopes Staples Staplers Scissors Clips & Fasteners Desk Organizers Binders Labels Post-it & Sticky Notes Correction & White Out Calendars & Planners Meeting & Presentation SuppliesOffice BasicsNotebooks & NotepadsForms & RecordkeepingFolders & FilingBoards & EaselsDesk Organizers & AccessoriesWriting Supplies & InstrumentsTape, Fasteners & AdhesivesLabelsCustom Marketing MaterialsCalendars & PlannersStorage & OrganizationLaminators & SuppliesCopy & Printer PaperSheet ProtectorsBinder AccessoriesStamps & Stamp PadsBindersLabel Makers & Tapes A well-stocked, uncluttered and organized office is a successful one. When employees have what they need to get their work done and know where to find supplies when they run out, you minimize downtime and maximize productivity. At Staples, we carry all of the office materials you’ll need to ensure the best work environment. Keep reading to find out what supplies you should have and how to organize them to reduce interruptions in your day. What Office Supplies Are Available at Staples? Staples offers everything for the office. From home office supplies to corporate office equipment to back to school for the kids, everything you need is here. Writing supplies - Writing utensils are the most basic and essential office supplies. Rollerball, gel and fountain pens provide a more comfortable and pleasurable writing experience when you put thoughts, ideas, messages, notes and drawings to paper. Highlighters help identify the most important parts of texts and deliver pops of color to notes, signage and office memos. Dry erase markers are the key to writing temporary notes on whiteboards, while permanent markers resist fading over time. Pencils and erasers always offer the option to correct your work. Folders and filing - File folders make it easy to color-code files for easier identification while hanging files keep file cabinets neatly organized. Accordion binders and expandable files are perfect for organizing certain sets of documents like checks, receipts or notes for a project. Notebooks and notepads - Spiral notebooks, basic notepads, composition notebooks and journals are office necessities that provide a dependable writing surface for everyday use. Smart notebooks make taking notes easier than ever. Notebooks come in assorted colors, a range of sheet sizes, in multiple paper formats and a variety of other rule types. Office basics - Office basics keep your team productive. Staples carries a wide variety of binder clips and paper clips, staplers and punches, scissors and rulers, tape and dispensers, sticky notes, as well as memo pads to keep your office buzzing. Desk accessories - A clean desk is possible with the right office supplies which can allow you to keep your focus on the important task in front of you. Look into using desktop organizers, letter trays, wall files, file sorters, drawer organizers and other desk accessories to keep clutter at bay and invite productivity. School supplies - Staples carries binders of all ring sizes and colors, calculators, planners, glue sticks and even computers, office chairs and other college and dorm room necessities for older students. Bags and briefcases - Get everything from backpacks and briefcases to lunch totes and laptop bags right here at Staples. You’ll find a variety of popular brands like JanSport, L.L.Bean and Samsonite for best quality transport of books and office supplies. Briefcases range from sleek and modern to functional with ample storage. Calendars and planners - Effortlessly track appointments and tasks, with a wide variety of formats that appeal to any style of working and notetaking. Find decorative planners to spice up your stack of books or look for a simple and minimalistic aesthetic. Other school and office necessities - Other office materials include printer paper and other stationery, office storage and organization options, arts and crafts for at home or at school, boards and easels from whiteboards to easel pads to bulletin boards, in all shapes and sizes, Staples has everything you need to stock an in-school or at-home learning space or stock the break room with office necessities. Which Office Supplies Do You Need? With so many options to consider, how do you know which office supplies you need? The products that are best for you depend on your area, industry or department of work: Business - Stocking a business office requires products that maximize durability and wide sets of features at affordable prices. Look for office equipment like desks, chairs, storage and waste receptacles to furnish the space. Next think about appliances you might need like copiers or printers. Then consider smaller office materials like post-it notes, business cards, pens, staplers, Staples tape dispensers and other desk supplies. With a large number of employees using these devices, it’s a good idea to keep refills of staples, printer paper and ink and toner on hand. For a great break room, Staples offers coffee makers, machines and brewers, plastic utensils, disposable plates and consumables like coffee, tea, cream and sugar and cleaning supplies for after lunch. Home office - Work-from-home essentials include a sturdy and functional desk coupled with ergonomic and long-lasting home office chair. These key items should look good and feel good in your space. Next, consider high-quality monitors and computers that have the performance for running multiple software programs simultaneously. If your home office has the space, use a dual-monitor setup for best organization and workflow. You might also need a good home and office printer with the right ink and toner and proper office equipment and storage to organize important documents and files. School - Most schools will provide a list of supplies, but sometimes you’ll need more. For all ages, you'll need a good backpack, lunch tote, water bottle and basics like notebooks, erasers, pencils and other writing or drawing supplies. For early school, markers, colored pencils, gluesticks, kid’s scissors and everything in fun colors or styles is a must. For higher grades, you’ll need a calculator, pens and pencils, binders and a pencil case. Middle schoolers will need graph paper, subject divider notebooks, protractors, flash drives and weekly planners. Finally, high schoolers need scientific calculators, combination padlocks for their lockers, hole punchers, multi-colored pens for notes and lip balm to get them through the day. College - College takes back-to-school to another level. The most important items on your list should be a functional laptop and sturdy backpack. Next, look for writing utensils that will withstand thousands of pages of notes and lined paper or notebooks to take notes in. Dorm supplies like wall hooks and hanging strips, power strips, a small office desk and good storage are also vital for adjusting to college life. Swap lunch totes for a good travel mug and invest in a coffee maker and milk frother to save money on cafe visits. How Should You Organize Office Materials? Organization is key to a successful work environment. Use the following tips for organizing supplies at home or in the office to maximize your productivity. How to Organize Office Supplies at Home Get rid of all unnecessary loose paper and receipts. Obtain proper filing for important documents. Color-code filing your folder file system with colored markers and label with a bold marker. Purchase drawer organizers and efficient storage that fits your office/desk space Categorize drawers by level of use and type of office material. Buy a bookshelf that fits your space and organize books by genre, level of use or color for an aesthetically pleasing look. Utilize wall space for white boards, bulletin boards, post it notes and wall calendars. Wall calendars allow more space for things on the desk or give you an open work space. How to Organize Supplies for Office Use Consider what you need based on the number of employees, what is used the most, how many office locations you have to supply and anything unique about your company culture. Some office supplies will remain on the office floor, like desks and chairs, while monitors will stand on the desks. Everyday items like post-it notes, pens, paperclips and other small supplies should be placed within reach but out of sight for a clean workspace. Use desk organizers to keep the smaller office necessities in one place, and consider having one at each desk. For communal items like whiteboards or printers, it's likely you don’t need one for every employee. Consider putting a few of these in common areas or conference rooms. Keep additional office materials in a supply closet in the office. Organize the supply closet in a logical manner. Use large storage bins and totes at the bottom, keeping printer paper and packs of new note pads. Use shelving to hold your smaller items, and keep the most commonly used supplies at eye level. Keep hand sanitizers and multipurpose cleaning wipes out among desks to encourage use. For larger cleaning supplies, keep in lower cabinets in the kitchen and keep pantry items throughout cabinets grouped by type. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
