https://www.staples.com/Troy-Systems/cat_CG2858
Troy Systems Ink and Toner Cartridges | Staples® Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Find Troy Systems Ink & Toner Cartridges Find Troy Systems Ink & Toner Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Troy Systems Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Troy prides itself on its unique advanced formulation and rigorous testing procedures to ensure that the color in every Troy Systems ink cartridge or toner cartridge is high quality. Users can expect consistent results from every Troy printer cartridge thanks to the company's strict quality-assurance process. Magnetic ink character recognition (MICR) signal detection makes Troy ink cartridges well suited for MICR printers. Secure UV Ink Secure UV ink is often used for bank notes and other documents that are at risk of forgery or replication. Staples offers secure UV Troy Systems ink cartridges that surpass the competition with their high levels of authentication. Secure UV ink is easily verifiable with a black light or check processor. These unique Troy Systems ink cartridges result in printed ink that is undetectable to the unaided eye, making bank notes and other documents extra secure for business owners and financial specialists. MICR Laser Printer Cartridges Troy Systems printer cartridges also feature toner that is suitable for MICR laser printers. The company's strict standards promise strong toner adhesion that results in crisp text and images. This quality is consistent among all of the company's laser toner cartridges. Troy Systems printer cartridges for MICR printers are manufactured in Troy's certified facilities for quality assurance. These Troy Systems printer cartridges are matched specifically to each printer model with which they are compatible. Additionally, Troy Systems ink cartridges and toner cartridges for MICR printers offer higher yields than comparable MICR cartridges, ensuring that even other brands of printers, such as Hewlett-Packard, can reach their maximum potential, resulting in lower costs to the business owner. Compatible with Other Printer Brands With Troy System's MICR upgrading kits, users can print checks or other secure financial documents from an existing Hewlett-Packard LaserJet printer. These MICR laser toner cartridges negate the need to purchase an entirely new printing system and save on overall costs. Reduce the risk of forgeries and unauthentic checks and financial notes by upgrading an existing HP printer with an MICR upgrading kit, which includes Troy Systems printer cartridges that can be installed into an appropriate HP LaserJet printer. Troy Systems Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 50% BIR on TONER & DRUMS Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase toner and/or drum printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 50% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 7/16/23 – 7/22/23 30% BIR on INK Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink printer cartridges in one transaction and earn 30% back in Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, nontransferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. Expires 7/22/2023 This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
