https://www.staples.com/Writing-Supplies-Instruments/cat_CG11
Writing Supplies; Pens, Pencils, Markers, Highlighters, Erasers, Sharpeners | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 40% off your first AutoRestock order  Save on Back to School  $10 off document printing  Save on Back to School  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Writing Supplies; Pens, Pencils, Markers, Highlighters, Erasers, Sharpeners PENS BallpointRollerballGelRetractableStick PENCILS WoodenMechanical#2 PencilsColored PencilsLead Refills MARKERS PermanentDry ErasePaint MarkersArt & School Markers Deals on Writing Supplies Deals on PensDeals on PencilsDeals on MarkersDeals on HighlightersDeals on Art & School Markers Make stocking up on writing supplies easier by choosing from a selection with all of the supplies you’ll need. Whether you’re shopping for pens, pencils, markers, or highlighters, Staples has a wide variety at affordable prices. If you’re a writer, teacher, or just looking to restock the office, learn more about writing supplies available below. What Are Writing Supplies? Writing supplies are any tools used to record notes, thoughts, ideas, drawings, and more. This can include both wooden pencils and mechanical pencils, pens of every size and style, markers made for a variety of surfaces, highlighters in every shade, as well as erasers to clean up your work. What Kind of Writing Supplies Should I Buy? Finding the right writing supplies depends largely on your goals. Most offices will need basic supplies like pens and paper, but a school or classroom could benefit from stocking up on writing supplies like pencils, highlighters, and accessories like erasers or pencil sharpeners. Learn more about specific types of writing supplies below. Pens Pens are available in multiple styles, such as ballpoint, rollerball, gel, and retractable varieties. These writing supplies also come in a range of tip sizes and colors. Pen ink is bolder and more permanent than pencil lead, so it makes a larger statement and is better suited for professional or official documents. Pens can be more comfortable to write with than pencils thanks to rubber grips. The user also doesn’t have to press as firmly to make a mark. There are also luxury pens, like fountain pens, available that work well for creating elegant calligraphy or for more formal writing, such as addressing invitations. Highlighters Highlighters are great for students and other notetakers. These writer supplies ensure that important lines of text or notes stand out on the paper. These come in a variety of different tip styles. Some of these writing supplies are designed with chisel tips, some with clear view tips so you can see what you’re highlighting, and others with retractable tips to ensure the highlighter won’t dry out. Since they come in a wide range of colors, highlighters can be used to color-code specific information based on meaning. Markers Markers are known for making a heavy, distinct mark. Markers come in all kinds of colors and can be used for a variety of projects. There are permanent markers designed to last, as well as dry erase markers, which can easily be erased. Dry erase markers are ideal for whiteboards and other slick surfaces. Paint markers are also available. These writing supplies offer all the fun of a paintbrush without the mess. All markers are great for craft projects, student assignments, and any tasks where you want to add a pop of color. Pencils There are a variety of different pencils available. Pencils can be wooden or mechanical and both are versatile, classic writing supplies. Use pencils for everyday notetaking, listmaking, sketching, journaling, and more. Many people like pencils because they’re easy to erase, and wooden pencils can be sharpened to the writer’s desired point. Accessories Writing supplies aren’t limited to utensils that make a mark. Additional tools, like pencil accessories, are available as well. Erasers are good to have on hand, and a pencil case can prove valuable if you’re carrying around several items. A pencil sharpener and whiteout or correctional tape are also great to have to perfect your writing. If you’re someone who writes a lot, a pen grip can make it easier to hold your writing supplies and keep your hand comfortable. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
