https://www.staples.com/Xerox-ink-cartridges-toner-cartridges/cat_CG620
Xerox Toner - Shop Xerox Toner & Ink Cartridges | Staples Skip to main content Skip to footer 50% back in rewards on ALL toner  As low as 50¢ school supplies  $10 off document printing  As low as 50¢ school supplies  Shop Deals Services Search Lists Help Sign in Sign in New customer? Create an account For Business Promotional Products Get it Today Ink & Toner Buy it Again Ideas Orders Set Your Store Guided Solutions School Supplies Work from Anywhere Sustainability at Staples Diversity Products Expert Advice Explore Staples Brands Community Business Directory Shipping Services Travel Services Tech Services Recycling Furniture Services Iron Mountain Shredding Services Additional Services Print & Marketing Services Online Notary Services Primo Water Delivery Services Staples Promotional Products Sustainability Shop by Industry Shop Diversity Products Sustainability Work From Anywhere Center Office Supplies Paper Computers & Accessories Printers & Scanners Electronics Furniture Food & Breakroom Cleaning Supplies Facilities Maintenance Shipping Supplies Safety Supplies Gift Cards AutoRestock Subscriptions School Supplies Ink & Toner Ink & Toner Shop by Brand Shop by Brand Home Printer Ink Cartridges & Toner Finder Xerox Toner & Ink Cartridges Xerox Toner & Ink Cartridges Ink & Toner Cartridges Sign into see previously purchased cartridges and saved printers Xerox Ink & Toner at Staples INFORMATION VIEW ALL SERIES VIEW ALL INK & TONER Xerox toner and ink cartridges are designed to work seamlessly with Xerox printers. Xerox ink cartridges are made to work specifically with Xerox inkjet printers, while Xerox toner is specifically formulated to work with Xerox laser printers. Though toner and ink cartridges are ultimately used to create the same product, they do so in very different ways, so it’s important to explore the differences between the two. What Are Xerox Toner Cartridges? Xerox toner is a powder that can be either black, cyan, magenta, or yellow and is used with Xerox laser printers. Toner cartridges are known for crisp and clear texts and graphics. Xerox toner cartridges work especially well when producing documents like reports, training guides, and invoices. Under the proper storage conditions, toner can last up to two years at a time. Xerox toner promises a consistent product that will always produce bold, smudge-free results. Toner can come in either high-yield or standard-yield cartridges. Xerox drum units, the tool which transfers Xerox toner to paper, can also be purchased. High-Yield Xerox Toner Cartridges High-yield Xerox toner cartridges usually produce more overall toner in comparison to their standard-yield counterparts, printing around 3,000 to 5,000, and sometimes as high as 8,000, pages per cartridge. This kind of toner may appeal to large offices or businesses that require toner cartridges that can handle extensive printing jobs. Standard-Yield Xerox Toner Cartridges Standard-yield Xerox toner cartridges produce around 1,500 to 2,600 pages per cartridge. These toner cartridges are ideal for use in the home or a smaller office. What Are Xerox Ink Cartridges? Xerox ink cartridges are solid ink. Made of a non-toxic, resin-based polymer similar to a crayon, Xerox ink cartridges are much easier to handle and replace, as they cannot spill. Xerox colored ink cartridges, or ink sticks, are also color-coordinated and specially shaped so they can only be inserted into the correct slot. Xerox ink creates a bold color on the document, producing readable text and clearly rendered images. Print jobs are done consistently, without any of the ink running, smudging, or bleeding. Xerox ink is long-lasting and vibrant. Due to their solid nature, Xerox ink cartridges are environmentally friendly, as they don’t need to be packaged in a plastic shell. This means that Xerox ink generates up to 90% less waste, reducing the overall environmental impact. Why Buy Xerox Toner or Ink Cartridges? Be sure to purchase Xerox toner cartridges or Xerox ink cartridges if you have a Xerox printer. Using generic ink or toner in a Xerox printer could lead to lower print quality and may irreversibly damage the printer. Check to see which formula your printer requires and replace it with the recommended Xerox ink or toner product every time. 2000 Series Cartridges 6000 Series Cartridges AltaLink Series Cartridges B Series C Series ColorQube Series Cartridges CopyCentre Series Cartridges DocuColor Series Cartridges Document Centre Series Cartridges DocuPrint Series Cartridges FaxCentre Series Cartridges Phaser Series Cartridges PrimeLink VersaLink Series Cartridges WorkCentre Series Cartridges Xerox Series Cartridges Disclaimer Page yield is the estimated number of pages that can be printed with a printer cartridge. The actual number of page yield will vary depending on the toner/ink coverage of the documents, the number of pages per job and the paper size. Page yield is based on an approximate 5% page coverage. ISO page yield is a reliable way to compare products from competing manufacturers, since all tests are subjected to the same set of ISO testing standards. Valid online at staples.com® only. Purchase ink and/or toner in one transaction and earn Staples Rewards®. Membership number must be supplied during purchase to receive benefits. Excludes Daily Deals, HP Instant Ink and clearance items. Limit 12 units per promotional period, non-transferable. Coupon may be used up to two times by a customer within the promotional period. Offer is subject to change or cancellation at any time. Standard percent back in Staples Rewards will be excluded. Price eligible is amount paid at checkout after application of all promotions, coupons, instant savings and rewards redemptions and does not include tax or shipping. Customer may only qualify for one Rewards Back promotion in a single transaction. Staples Rewards are issued online monthly in increments of $5. Rewards expire the last day of the month following the month in which they are issued and cannot be redeemed after the expiration date. Monthly balances of less than $5 will roll over through the end of the following calendar quarter. Unissued rewards will expire at the end of the following calendar quarter unless a qualifying purchase is made during that rollover period. For full program details, visit staples.com/rewards. Not valid on prior purchases or purchases made with Staples® Procurement or Convenience Cards. Coupon value applied pre-tax. This website is intended for personal use by US residents only. See our delivery policy for full details. Copyright 1998-2023, Staples, Inc., All Rights Reserved. Site Map FeedbackPrivacy NoticeTerms & Conditions California Notice *By clicking Instacart links, you will leave staples.com and enter the Instacart site, which they operate and control. Item prices may vary from in-store prices. Service fees may apply. Available in select zip codes or location. JavaScript is Disabled Sorry, this webpage requires JavaScript to function correctly. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and reload the page.
